In subreddit: GamerGhazi

Title: All I am saying is, Give Spez a Chance

Body: [deleted]

Q: What do you think?
A: Wonder if u/spez is a fan of the old Hewlett-Packard practice of "Managing By Walking Around." If he is, he really should be at least checking out these posts that namedrop him. Unlimited Free Speech enables harassment, bullying, and Tyranny of the Majority (either in karma, in post quantity, or in gaming the system). The question is, does Huffman know this and not care, or are these concepts that never occurred to him since Reddit was created for bros like him so by definition I SEE NO PROBLEM HERE.

Q: Wonder if u/spez is a fan of the old Hewlett-Packard practice of "Managing By Walking Around." If he is, he really should be at least checking out these posts that namedrop him. Unlimited Free Speech enables harassment, bullying, and Tyranny of the Majority (either in karma, in post quantity, or in gaming the system). The question is, does Huffman know this and not care, or are these concepts that never occurred to him since Reddit was created for bros like him so by definition I SEE NO PROBLEM HERE.
A: Yeah, I see 'em. Most of them, at least (I won't get to read all 5k I received on day 1).

Q: Yeah, I see 'em. Most of them, at least (I won't get to read all 5k I received on day 1).
A: Thanks for replying, u/spez. Would appreciate knowing you are taking in that there are problems endemic to valuing free speech above all else. Communities like this require constant comment pruning and troll banning due to brigading and harassment. It is VERY real, and a lot of it is fueled by sexism and racism, not just political disagreements.

Q: Thanks for replying, u/spez. Would appreciate knowing you are taking in that there are problems endemic to valuing free speech above all else. Communities like this require constant comment pruning and troll banning due to brigading and harassment. It is VERY real, and a lot of it is fueled by sexism and racism, not just political disagreements.
A: Totally get it. I know people are on edge about me right now. That's expected. I think if we can build better tech for harassment, avoiding bans, alt detection, etc., a lot of the other problems become simpler.