In subreddit: ModSupport

Title: 1+ Month with no admin response on ban evaders

Body: I mod a few trading subs and we have significant issues with ban evaders and malicious impersonators. Initially the admins were very responsive. I provide a list of known ban evaders and impersonators and I usually got feedback within 24 hours or a couple of days at the most. It began to taper off a couple of months ago with response times getting slower and slower until finally nothing. I've bumped the last reply I got from them with new information and requests to reply but have gotten nothing for over a month. 

I'd like to know if they're not responding to ban evasion anymore or if there's some sort of policy change that they just haven't disclosed. A month with no response though is frustrating and I'd like to know what's going on. 

Q: What do you think?
A: I believe it. There's a person in /r/cocaine who has been stalking one of the mods literally for years. He creates a new account, replies to something the mod posts with doxxing info and ad hominem attacks, and gets banned. I report him to the admins time and time again and all I hear are empty promises that he's been dealt with. Yet, every few weeks like clockwork I have to deal with this guy and report him again to the admins. And also, don't even bother reporting someone on the weekends. No one is working at reddit apparently because for the last few months, the only way I can get the admins to do something about a problem account on the weekends is to call in a favor from someone I know who happens to be able to contact them directly. This site is rapidly becoming unmoddable and the admins ignoring us isn't helping. At all.

Q: I believe it. There's a person in /r/cocaine who has been stalking one of the mods literally for years. He creates a new account, replies to something the mod posts with doxxing info and ad hominem attacks, and gets banned. I report him to the admins time and time again and all I hear are empty promises that he's been dealt with. Yet, every few weeks like clockwork I have to deal with this guy and report him again to the admins. And also, don't even bother reporting someone on the weekends. No one is working at reddit apparently because for the last few months, the only way I can get the admins to do something about a problem account on the weekends is to call in a favor from someone I know who happens to be able to contact them directly. This site is rapidly becoming unmoddable and the admins ignoring us isn't helping. At all.
A: I hear that you're frustrated, and I am as well. Please PM the details, and I will investigate.