In subreddit: cscareerquestions

Title: I'm Steve Huffman, programmer and Reddit CEO. AMA.

Body: Hello r/cscareerquestions, I’m Steve Huffman, aka u/Spez. I founded both Reddit and Hipmunk (where I was CTO). Until about a year and a half ago, I was a full time engineer. I started programming as a kid, and worked as a developer through high school and college at Virginia (CS major). As some of you may know, u/kn0thing made a bet on Twitter with one of your mods that if you hit this subscriber milestone, I would answer all your CS career questions. Congratulations at hitting 100K subscribers, glad you’re on Reddit! And, yes, [we’re hiring](https://about.reddit.com/careers/)...

Update: I'm taking off for now. I'll check back in this evening for a few more questions. Thanks for the questions, and thanks to the moderators!

Q: What do you think?
A: Hi Spez, Thank you for doing this AMA. The question I have, and from your perspective, for an entry level developer, what is more desirable and your comments on each of these abilities. Algorithm skills - able to pump out some amazing algorithms and optimize to the best time complexity System design skills - able to create a scalable and working system that can sustain users and abuse Coding skills - able to write down neat and refactored code that is easily comprehensible and reviewable by others Communication skills - able to communicate with other team members well, understand requirements to the point, and communicate ideas fluently Out of these skills above, what do you look for in an entry level programmer more so? Maybe like a ranking between them? Which skills do you think is necessary for one to have before they get hired, and which ones do you think can be developed on the job? Other than those mentioned above, what other skills do you think an entry level developer should have?

Q: Hi Spez, Thank you for doing this AMA. The question I have, and from your perspective, for an entry level developer, what is more desirable and your comments on each of these abilities. Algorithm skills - able to pump out some amazing algorithms and optimize to the best time complexity System design skills - able to create a scalable and working system that can sustain users and abuse Coding skills - able to write down neat and refactored code that is easily comprehensible and reviewable by others Communication skills - able to communicate with other team members well, understand requirements to the point, and communicate ideas fluently Out of these skills above, what do you look for in an entry level programmer more so? Maybe like a ranking between them? Which skills do you think is necessary for one to have before they get hired, and which ones do you think can be developed on the job? Other than those mentioned above, what other skills do you think an entry level developer should have?
A: For entry level developers I'm looking for three things: * Do you have skills? If you can write a hashtable, list, and tree in C, you are probably good. * Do you have a passion for programming? * Are you a pleasant person to be around? For beginners, I'm looking for high skill and low ego. For whatever reason, newbies tend to have low skill and high ego.