<r/cscareerquestions>: I'm Steve Huffman, programmer and Reddit CEO. AMA.

Hello r/cscareerquestions, I’m Steve Huffman, aka u/Spez. I founded both Reddit and Hipmunk (where I was CTO). Until about a year and a half ago, I was a full time engineer. I started programming as a kid, and worked as a developer through high school and college at Virginia (CS major). As some of you may know, u/kn0thing made a bet on Twitter with one of your mods that if you hit this subscriber milestone, I would answer all your CS career questions. Congratulations at hitting 100K subscribers, glad you’re on Reddit! And, yes, [we’re hiring](https://about.reddit.com/careers/)...

Update: I'm taking off for now. I'll check back in this evening for a few more questions. Thanks for the questions, and thanks to the moderators!

<u/darexinfinity>: Hi Spez,

I've recently applied to 2 positions on Reddit and gotten back a rejection letter. Does that letter apply to both of my applications or only one? (The letter did not specify either of the positions)

Also, I noticed you have a lot of Senior positions available. How do you feel about engineers who don't have the required number of years experience applying to those positions?

<u/spez>: > Does that letter apply to both of my applications or only one? 

Not sure. PM me, and I will investigate.

> Also, I noticed you have a lot of Senior positions available. How do you feel about engineers who don't have the required number of years experience applying to those positions?

If you can walk the walk, years of experience don't matter.



<u/CriticDanger>: How do you determine if they can 'walk the walk' from their resume? Assuming a lot of candidates get rejected due to experience before an initial interview, what other criteria do you mostly look at?

<u/TheAdventMaster>: A website such as Reddit can probably tell someone who isn't a good fit a lot of the time almost immediately.

If I was a hiring manager for a company like Reddit, and I was looking to fill a Senior position, and I didn't see any skills or experience on a resume that made it obvious this person could reason about how to handle 10,000's simultaneous requests per (some very short period of time, I actually don't know), then that resume's probably going in the trash pile or at least set aside.

The next thing you look at is do they have experience doing these things with the technology your company uses? That way you don't have to cross-train. The ideal employee can get moving fairly quickly.

Do they have general experience in the area? Do they demonstrate a knowledge of some of the specific problem domain areas that we are building solutions for?

As far as what exactly these items need to be, understand that an employer typically knows what these things are (and sometimes publishes the skills they value), but you don't necessarily know what an employer's overall plan for you is going to be. It's going to vary for every company.

For starters, however, Reddit has a very obvious public presence on their blog. They talk about how they build various things in detail. You can see the type of work quality and skills that would be expected from a senior engineer at Reddit by reading their blog posts.

If you start off not having relevant experience, but you read Reddit's blog posts, fork Reddit, implement and re-implement some of these features, dig a little deeper into the specific technologies, try new things... You may qualify for a junior position.

Why just junior? From experience, seniority is all about time. It's about experience. It's about having encountered many real-world scenarios and being able to properly reason about them and estimate how long various efforts will take, and roughly what the expected end product should be.

That's why even if you know every "technical" skill a company like Reddit would want to see, if you're not actually a senior developer in your ability to reason, investigate, debug, estimate, etc. then you simply can't function in that sort of position. It comes from experience only. However, you'll probably have a big jumpstart ahead of other pre-senior level developers and could possibly hit that point much more quickly than your peers.

---

EDIT 2017-04-26: For anyone curious, I was gilded by "a recruiter" (maybe just your "average" recruiter, although I suspect a Reddit employee.) Before I was gilded, I was in the negative.

I'm sorry this is a hard truth for a lot of the CS students on this subreddit, but this is real stuff. The vast majority of resumes I see will get put in the trash pile. It's not easy to fake seniority on a resume, and I can usually weed out liars within 30 seconds of a phone call or in-person interview.

If you think a company that specializes in delivering a high-performance experience to millions of people simultaneously can't tell if you're full of it, I am sorry. I don't know what you were expecting. It is not hard at all to bring an engineer over to look at a resume, or to invite them in an interview, and ask you questions about the skills you supposedly have.

And yes, your resume will be thrown in the trash. Employers try to give feedback when they can, but sometimes your skills are so irrelevant to what they are looking for that they don't always have the time to even redirect you.

Again, just be honest. And if you really want to be valuable to a company, learn about what they do. Give them or one of their teams a call. Read their blog. Dig into the tech infrastructure and learn that thing that they always talk about using. There's no other way. Not everyone is here to hold your hand and train you. We would like that, but realistically the time, effort and money can't always be afforded to do so. There's a balance here, but don't take any bets on it.

<u/chalcidfly>: First time I've ever seen a comment with gold AND negative downvotes

<u/starg09>: You may enjoy /r/NegativeWithGold :)

<u/spez>: Where I have the top post of all time.