<r/announcements>: In response to recent reports about the integrity of Reddit, I’d like to share our thinking.

In the past couple of weeks, Reddit has been mentioned as one of the platforms used to promote Russian propaganda. As it’s an ongoing investigation, we have been relatively quiet on the topic publicly, which I know can be frustrating. While transparency is important, we also want to be careful to not tip our hand too much while we are investigating. We take the integrity of Reddit extremely seriously, both as the stewards of the site and as Americans.

Given the recent news, we’d like to share some of what we’ve learned:

When it comes to Russian influence on Reddit, there are three broad areas to discuss: ads, direct propaganda from Russians, indirect propaganda promoted by our users.

On the first topic, ads, there is not much to share. We don’t see a lot of ads from Russia, either before or after the 2016 election, and what we do see are mostly ads promoting spam and ICOs.  Presently, ads from Russia are blocked entirely, and all ads on Reddit are reviewed by humans. Moreover, our [ad policies](https://www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/advertising/policy-and-guidelines/reddit-advertising-policy) prohibit content that depicts intolerant or overly contentious political or cultural views.

As for direct propaganda, that is, content from accounts we suspect are of Russian origin or content linking directly to known propaganda domains, we are doing our best to identify and remove it. We have found and removed a few hundred accounts, and of course, every account we find expands our search a little more. The vast majority of suspicious accounts we have found in the past months were banned back in 2015–2016 through our enhanced efforts to prevent abuse of the site generally.

The final case, indirect propaganda, is the most complex. For example, the Twitter account @TEN\_GOP is now known to be a Russian agent. @TEN\_GOP’s Tweets were amplified by thousands of Reddit users, and sadly, from everything we can tell, these users are mostly American, and appear to be unwittingly promoting Russian propaganda. I believe the biggest risk we face as Americans is our own ability to discern reality from nonsense, and this is a burden we all bear.

I wish there was a solution as simple as banning all propaganda, but it’s not that easy. Between truth and fiction are a thousand shades of grey. It’s up to all of us—Redditors, citizens, journalists—to work through these issues. It’s somewhat ironic, but I actually believe what we’re going through right now will actually reinvigorate Americans to be more vigilant, hold ourselves to higher standards of discourse, and fight back against propaganda, whether foreign or not.

Thank you for reading. While I know it’s frustrating that we don’t share everything we know publicly, I want to reiterate that we take these matters very seriously, and we are cooperating with congressional inquiries. We are growing more sophisticated by the day, and we remain open to suggestions and feedback for how we can improve.

<u/kerovon>: So I see you are carrying on the Reddit Tradition of only taking action after the media notices a problem.  Is there any chance this will change in the future?

Here is a comment from [3 years ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/2fpdax/time_to_talk/ckbga2v/) outlining this exact problem. Nothing seems to have changed.

Some advice about something you could do:  Seeing as the russian propaganda has been actively promoting white suprmacism and extremist ethnostatist neo nationalists, maybe you could look at removing all of the openly nazi subreddits that seem to get ignored by the admins?  If you don't give the russians a gaping, festering wound that they can stick their fingers in to enlarge, it will be harder for them to do anything.

It should be added that there has been a [study that shows banning shithole subs works](https://gizmodo.com/study-finds-banning-reddits-bigoted-jerkwards-worked-1803766754).

Edit: if you are tired of looking at the various shitholes being cited in all of these comment threads, I recommend checking out /r/316cats, one of the few actually good subreddits.

<u/spez>: > So I see you are carrying on the Reddit Tradition of only taking action after the media notices a problem. Is there any chance this will change in the future?

As I mentioned in the post, we've been taking action for a long time. We have been cagey about it publicly I know, which frustrates us as well, but it's an active investigation, and it's difficult to share specifics without undermining it.

I know this isn't a satisfying answer, but I promise you this is something we are deeply focused on.

