In subreddit: announcements

Title: Reddit’s 2018 transparency report (and maybe other stuff)

Body: Hi all,

Today we’ve posted our latest [Transparency Report](https://www.redditinc.com/policies/transparency-report-2018).

The purpose of the report is to share information about the requests Reddit receives to disclose user data or remove content from the site. We value your privacy and believe you have a right to know how data is being managed by Reddit and how it is shared (and not shared) with governmental and non-governmental parties.

We’ve included a breakdown of requests from governmental entities worldwide and from private parties from within the United States. The most common types of requests are subpoenas, court orders, search warrants, and emergency requests. In 2018, Reddit received a total of 581 requests to produce user account information from both United States and foreign governmental entities, which represents a 151% increase from the year before. We scrutinize all requests and object when appropriate, and we didn’t disclose any information for 23% of the requests. We received 28 requests from foreign government authorities for the production of user account information and did not comply with any of those requests.

This year, we expanded the report to included details on two additional types of content removals: those taken by us at Reddit, Inc., and those taken by subreddit moderators (including Automod actions). We remove content that is in violation of our site-wide policies, but subreddits often have additional rules specific to the [purpose, tone, and norms of their community](https://www.cc.gatech.edu/~sjhaver3/The-internets-hidden-rules-cscw2018.pdf). You can now see the breakdown of these two types of takedowns for a more holistic view of company and community actions.

In other news, you may have heard that we closed an additional round of funding this week, which gives us more runway and will help us continue to improve our platform. What else does this mean for you? Not much. Our strategy and governance model remain the same. And—of course—we do not share specific user data with any investor, new or old.

I’ll hang around for a while to answer your questions.

–Steve

&#x200B;

edit: Thanks for the silver you cheap bastards.

update: I'm out for now. Will check back later.

Q: What do you think?
A: Why do I have to opt-out of the redesign over and over again? And which moron came up with it anyway?

Q: Why do I have to opt-out of the redesign over and over again? And which moron came up with it anyway?
A: > Why do I have to opt-out of the redesign over and over again? This is a hugely annoying and embarrassing bug. We believe we've fixed most of the causes, but to be certain, we've rewritten the entire system that directs traffic to the old site vs the new site to both work as expected and to be a lot faster, and that should launch soon (days, not weeks) > And which moron came up with it anyway? Me. We wanted to both bring new users to the new site but also give all users a choice indefinitely, which made things technically complex. That said, we are all frustrated that we didn't do a better job here.

Q: > Why do I have to opt-out of the redesign over and over again? This is a hugely annoying and embarrassing bug. We believe we've fixed most of the causes, but to be certain, we've rewritten the entire system that directs traffic to the old site vs the new site to both work as expected and to be a lot faster, and that should launch soon (days, not weeks) > And which moron came up with it anyway? Me. We wanted to both bring new users to the new site but also give all users a choice indefinitely, which made things technically complex. That said, we are all frustrated that we didn't do a better job here.
A: Maybe this is a silly question, but was there any real research done on whether the changes being made in the redesign were changes that new users actually *wanted?* If so, how was this information gathered? Were these changes targeted towards attracting specific demographics, for advertising or other purposes? Thanks for answering questions, the users appreciate it

Q: Maybe this is a silly question, but was there any real research done on whether the changes being made in the redesign were changes that new users actually *wanted?* If so, how was this information gathered? Were these changes targeted towards attracting specific demographics, for advertising or other purposes? Thanks for answering questions, the users appreciate it
A: Not a silly question at all. We did a ton of research during design and development, and we continue to do so. We bring people into the office, run surveys, and run a lot of online A/B tests. Overall, the redesign retains new users at a much better rate than the original site. One of our most important metrics is D1 retention: how many users come back the next day after visiting the site for the first time.