<r/NintendoSwitch>: I'm a 'grown ass man'. I am getting a switch on Friday and its like reliving my childhood.

Hi all, just wanted to share something that might make some of you smile. Would be fun to hear if you have had a similar experience.

I’m 32. I have been gaming avidly for over 25 years, PC gamer and not had a console for over a decade. I’m a fully adult human. I have a mortgage. 

It’s my birthday on Friday and I am buying myself a switch. I cannot believe the level of excitement and impatience I am feeling. I feel like every minute is an hour, I keep imagining various terrible scenarios which result in me not getting the switch on Friday – it breaks, the TV doesn’t work, Friday just DOESN’T arrive. I am constantly watching youtube videos, planning exactly what I will do when I get it – what order I will get digital games in, what Nintendo online membership I will get. Made an online account weeks ago… This will be the longest work week of all time.

I was thinking ‘I actually can’t remember ever feeling this level of anticipation’, then I remembered I had – as a child on those Christmas mornings getting the NES, SNES, PlayStation. The whole anticipation is bringing back so many happy memories of gaming as a child: watching my brother beating the final boss of Mario World on the SNES; playing chucky egg and grannies garden on the BBC Micro (anyone remember those?). There is something about the word ‘Nintendo that just takes me back to another time and conjures a boyish excitement in me.

I am therefore doing everything possible to both heighten this excitement and increase the torture.

The great irony is that I already have my switch and the games and accessories. I am a ‘grown ass man’, I have bought this with my own money and could open it any time I wish. No one would care. Instead I am forcing myself to wait until my birthday. I have even made a wee pile of the switch and everything else I have bought in a prominent place in the living room where it can torture and tantalise me. I am speaking to all my colleagues in work who have switches. Never off this reddit.  My girlfriend finds this extremely amusing and is ribbing me mercilessly about it, which is part of the fun.

There is so much negative reporting about gaming in the media so I wanted to share how much I am enjoying the sense of pure fun, joy, and excitement. I feel sorry for people who don’t know how rewarding gaming can be. 

This Friday morning – I am opening my switch in my dressing gown at 7am like its Christmas morning 1997. Christmas f'ing morning for a 32 year-old, slightly greying, small child.

<u/planningsiti>: This is how i felt whe buying the switch. Im 27 and have been gaming since i was really young. Ive jad a faming pc for over 8 years and buying the switch and playing zelda breath of the wild made me relive moments i had when i was a younger me playing ocarina of time.

<u/spez>: Video games were a huge part of growing up for me until World of Warcraft, which was so rich and deep that I effectively fell out of gaming after I stopped playing because everything else felt hollow. Until Zelda BOTW. It was the first game in a decade that brought back the fun and excitement of gaming as a kid.