In subreddit: IAmA

Title: I am Steve Huffman, the new CEO of reddit. AMA.

Body: Hey Everyone, I'm Steve, aka spez, the new CEO around here. For those of you who don't know me, I founded reddit ten years ago with my college roommate Alexis, aka kn0thing. Since then, reddit has grown far larger than my wildest dreams. I'm so proud of what it's become, and I'm very excited to be back.

I know we have a lot of work to do. One of my first priorities is to re-establish a relationship with the community. This is the first of what I expect will be many AMAs (I'm thinking I'll do these weekly).

My proof: it's me!

edit: I'm done for now. Time to get back to work. Thanks for all the questions!

Q: What do you think?
A: Do you plan on bringing back the subreddits Pao got rid of? Like /r/fatpeoplehate Edit: I'm not saying that I liked FPH. In fact, I hated it. I'm asking this question because of the controversy its deletion caused Edit 2: I now understand why it was deleted. I had no idea that people from FPH were attacking fellow Redditors and people in other subreddits. Edit 3: My most upvoted post is about fatpeoplehate. Thanks Reddit.

Q: Do you plan on bringing back the subreddits Pao got rid of? Like /r/fatpeoplehate Edit: I'm not saying that I liked FPH. In fact, I hated it. I'm asking this question because of the controversy its deletion caused Edit 2: I now understand why it was deleted. I had no idea that people from FPH were attacking fellow Redditors and people in other subreddits. Edit 3: My most upvoted post is about fatpeoplehate. Thanks Reddit.
A: Unlikely. Creating a clear content policy is another of my immediate priorities. We will make it very clear what is and is not acceptable behavior on reddit. This is still a work in progress, but our thinking is along these lines: * Nothing illegal * Nothing that undermines the integrity of reddit * Nothing that causes other individuals harm or to fear for their well-being. In my opinion, FPH crossed a line in that it was specifically hostile towards other redditors. Harassment and bullying affect people dramatically in the real world, and we want reddit to be a place where our users feel safe, or at least don't feel threatened. Disclaimer: this is still a work in progress, but I think you can see where my thinking is heading. Update: I mention this below, but it's worth repeating. We want to keep reddit as open as possible, and when we have to ban something, I want it to be very transparent that it was done and what our reasoning was.

Q: Unlikely. Creating a clear content policy is another of my immediate priorities. We will make it very clear what is and is not acceptable behavior on reddit. This is still a work in progress, but our thinking is along these lines: * Nothing illegal * Nothing that undermines the integrity of reddit * Nothing that causes other individuals harm or to fear for their well-being. In my opinion, FPH crossed a line in that it was specifically hostile towards other redditors. Harassment and bullying affect people dramatically in the real world, and we want reddit to be a place where our users feel safe, or at least don't feel threatened. Disclaimer: this is still a work in progress, but I think you can see where my thinking is heading. Update: I mention this below, but it's worth repeating. We want to keep reddit as open as possible, and when we have to ban something, I want it to be very transparent that it was done and what our reasoning was.
A: So what is the actual deciding factor here? Will a subreddit be banned for harassment even if it has a strict policy against it and mods are actively removing any public posts advocating it? It doesn't seem fair to limit the free speech on this site of a majority of users of a subreddit, just because of a small minority that the mods are actively fighting.

Q: So what is the actual deciding factor here? Will a subreddit be banned for harassment even if it has a strict policy against it and mods are actively removing any public posts advocating it? It doesn't seem fair to limit the free speech on this site of a majority of users of a subreddit, just because of a small minority that the mods are actively fighting.
A: reddit the company intervening will always be a last resort, but from a philosophical point of view (we build the platform, you populate it), and a practical point of view (we ain't got time for that).