In subreddit: cscareerquestions

Title: I'm Steve Huffman, programmer and Reddit CEO. AMA.

Body: Hello r/cscareerquestions, I’m Steve Huffman, aka u/Spez. I founded both Reddit and Hipmunk (where I was CTO). Until about a year and a half ago, I was a full time engineer. I started programming as a kid, and worked as a developer through high school and college at Virginia (CS major). As some of you may know, u/kn0thing made a bet on Twitter with one of your mods that if you hit this subscriber milestone, I would answer all your CS career questions. Congratulations at hitting 100K subscribers, glad you’re on Reddit! And, yes, [we’re hiring](https://about.reddit.com/careers/)...

Update: I'm taking off for now. I'll check back in this evening for a few more questions. Thanks for the questions, and thanks to the moderators!

Q: What do you think?
A: Hey spez, I know a lot of companies really emphasize a good attitude/culture fit. Do you think this leads to any "cliquey-ness" in the industry? Are there certain personality traits that, while maybe not flaws per se, just don't gel with your workplace culture? How much can a great attitude make up for underdeveloped skills? How much can great programming skills make up for an underdeveloped personality? What is a "bad personality"?

Q: Hey spez, I know a lot of companies really emphasize a good attitude/culture fit. Do you think this leads to any "cliquey-ness" in the industry? Are there certain personality traits that, while maybe not flaws per se, just don't gel with your workplace culture? How much can a great attitude make up for underdeveloped skills? How much can great programming skills make up for an underdeveloped personality? What is a "bad personality"?
A: > Do you think this leads to any "cliquey-ness" in the industry? I suppose it can. It really depends what you mean by culture. Culture are the things we have in common, so it depends on what you want those things to be. For example Reddit hires a lot of optimists. Does that make us cliquey? Maybe. It also makes Reddit a cheery place to work. > Are there certain personality traits that, while maybe not flaws per se, just don't gel with your workplace culture? Ego that outpaces your skill really grinds my gears. > How much can a great attitude make up for underdeveloped skills? A great attitude leads to great skills! > How much can great programming skills make up for an underdeveloped personality? What is a "bad personality"? I think if you're the sort of person asking these questions, you're probably fine. It's the people unaware of themselves that are unpleasant to work with.