In subreddit: cscareerquestions

Title: I'm Steve Huffman, programmer and Reddit CEO. AMA.

Body: Hello r/cscareerquestions, I’m Steve Huffman, aka u/Spez. I founded both Reddit and Hipmunk (where I was CTO). Until about a year and a half ago, I was a full time engineer. I started programming as a kid, and worked as a developer through high school and college at Virginia (CS major). As some of you may know, u/kn0thing made a bet on Twitter with one of your mods that if you hit this subscriber milestone, I would answer all your CS career questions. Congratulations at hitting 100K subscribers, glad you’re on Reddit! And, yes, [we’re hiring](https://about.reddit.com/careers/)...

Update: I'm taking off for now. I'll check back in this evening for a few more questions. Thanks for the questions, and thanks to the moderators!

Q: What do you think?
A: Do you think it's too late to switch careers and get in to programming at 26? Would you recommend going back to university or is it possible to make a career being self taught? I've heard of people landing jobs after learning online and creating a portfolio but I'd like to get a CEO's take on how much value is in a degree.

Q: Do you think it's too late to switch careers and get in to programming at 26? Would you recommend going back to university or is it possible to make a career being self taught? I've heard of people landing jobs after learning online and creating a portfolio but I'd like to get a CEO's take on how much value is in a degree.
A: It's not too late. The curse of young people is that they all thing they're old. Our head of platform didn't start programming until he was about your age.

Q: It's not too late. The curse of young people is that they all thing they're old. Our head of platform didn't start programming until he was about your age.
A: What about the self taught part?

Q: What about the self taught part?
A: Sure, it's possible, but a little harder. School and work force you to do things you might not do on your own, and the willingness to do such things is usually a good signal.