In subreddit: SquaredCircle

Title: Does a Barrett/Regal feud sound good to anyone else?

Body: I understand that it involves pushing Regal, which, obviously, WWE isn't willing to do. However, I see some potential in it. Remember that the WWE is pushing Barrett as a "bare-knuckle champion", a very uncivilized, angry character that happens to have a British accent. Have Regal call him a disgrace to the Crown or something of the sort, and end that with Barrett wastelanding Regal through a table in the back. Obviously that sets up a few glorious matches in the ring between brawler and technician. Anyone else think this would be awesome?

Q: What do you think?
A: Barret, Orton, and Daniel are the people I want Regal to fight before he retires. At least let him have his final match be for the title or something!

Q: Barret, Orton, and Daniel are the people I want Regal to fight before he retires. At least let him have his final match be for the title or something!
A: Have D-Bry win the WHC at WM28, and somehow put him in with Regal in a feud over the belt, a "battle of the technicians" if you will. I like it.

Q: Have D-Bry win the WHC at WM28, and somehow put him in with Regal in a feud over the belt, a "battle of the technicians" if you will. I like it.
A: I just wonder who D-Bry could fight at Wrestlemania that could put on a good show with him? His match with Mark was good, but I feel like he could put on a better match with someone like Wade Barret or Christian. I've been thinking that D-Bry is going to lose his briefcase before the year is over, and somehow win the Rumble. But who knows? NOT ME!

Q: I just wonder who D-Bry could fight at Wrestlemania that could put on a good show with him? His match with Mark was good, but I feel like he could put on a better match with someone like Wade Barret or Christian. I've been thinking that D-Bry is going to lose his briefcase before the year is over, and somehow win the Rumble. But who knows? NOT ME!
A: I think Bryan and Rhodes would put on an awesome WM Match. I think it would be huge if Bryan would be able to take the title from Henry at WM too.