In subreddit: Naruto

Title: Who do you want to see fight?

Body: If you could choose any two naruto characters to fight to the death who would they be and what about them makes you believe it would be a good fight?

My choices:

Kakashi and Guy, They have been rivals for years and not once have we seen them in a real fight against each other.

And the Second Hokage and Kisame, they are both extremely good water justu users and I would love to see who is the better one.

What do you guys think? 

Q: What do you think?
A: Sasuke vs Kakashi would be one of my favorites. Just the history between them it would be interesting to see teacher vs student and the power of each of there sharingans go at it even though I think sasukes eyes are obviously better. Also Shikamaru vs Neji. They never really had any big history together but they're both incredibly talented and smart it would be interesting to see how they use their different skills against one another.

Q: Sasuke vs Kakashi would be one of my favorites. Just the history between them it would be interesting to see teacher vs student and the power of each of there sharingans go at it even though I think sasukes eyes are obviously better. Also Shikamaru vs Neji. They never really had any big history together but they're both incredibly talented and smart it would be interesting to see how they use their different skills against one another.
A: If you want to see Sasuke vs Kakashi there's a great fan animation on youtube that depicts such a fight. [I'll link it for you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZjrg4wrMWk). The action starts around 6 minutes, but the english dub isn't too bad and is probably worth a listen.

Q: If you want to see Sasuke vs Kakashi there's a great fan animation on youtube that depicts such a fight. [I'll link it for you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZjrg4wrMWk). The action starts around 6 minutes, but the english dub isn't too bad and is probably worth a listen.
A: Wow I did not expect that to be as good as it was