In subreddit: AskReddit

Title: It has been 5 years since my last major break up, I'm still messed up over it, anyone else with this issue?

Body: [deleted]

Q: What do you think?
A: I don't want to be that guy, but fucking get over it. Trust me, it's what you need to hear, even though it's harsh. Just get over yourself. You've created this idyllic image of your former partner that isn't even fucking close to what they really were. If they allowed what their parents thought of you to influence their own thoughts of you, guess what? It was never gonna work. She had doubts of her own, and the thing with her parents only made her realize these doubts. If she hadn't broken up with you, you would have gotten married, and eventually divorced. That would be loads worse, now wouldn't it? You're living in a world of self-pity, screaming oh woe is me, as though you are the only person to experience heart ache. She was just a fucking girl, and apparently a shitty one. You need to realize this. Trust me, I've gone through the same thing. I was engaged to a woman I thought I was going to spend my life with, and she left me for no real reason. I hated myself for years, never going anywhere, just living the way you do. Eventually, I realized how terrible our relationship was, and I hated the person I had become. I was acting like a fucking piece of shit, and all over a fucking girl. So I pulled myself together and got over it. It's harsh, it's mean, but you know what? You need to hear it. So climb down off the cross, use the wood to build a bridge, and get over it. Sorry man, but that's all there is to it.

Q: I don't want to be that guy, but fucking get over it. Trust me, it's what you need to hear, even though it's harsh. Just get over yourself. You've created this idyllic image of your former partner that isn't even fucking close to what they really were. If they allowed what their parents thought of you to influence their own thoughts of you, guess what? It was never gonna work. She had doubts of her own, and the thing with her parents only made her realize these doubts. If she hadn't broken up with you, you would have gotten married, and eventually divorced. That would be loads worse, now wouldn't it? You're living in a world of self-pity, screaming oh woe is me, as though you are the only person to experience heart ache. She was just a fucking girl, and apparently a shitty one. You need to realize this. Trust me, I've gone through the same thing. I was engaged to a woman I thought I was going to spend my life with, and she left me for no real reason. I hated myself for years, never going anywhere, just living the way you do. Eventually, I realized how terrible our relationship was, and I hated the person I had become. I was acting like a fucking piece of shit, and all over a fucking girl. So I pulled myself together and got over it. It's harsh, it's mean, but you know what? You need to hear it. So climb down off the cross, use the wood to build a bridge, and get over it. Sorry man, but that's all there is to it.
A: Going through the same shit as OP and this made me smile. Thank you sir for actually making me feel better about myself. Wish someone would of said this to me when it first happened.

Q: Going through the same shit as OP and this made me smile. Thank you sir for actually making me feel better about myself. Wish someone would of said this to me when it first happened.
A: Same here. I wish someone would have said it to me after my bad break-up. Like I said, I only say it because, hard as it might be to believe, I care about you, even though I don't know you. I've been where you are, and it kills me to know that you are going through this shit when you don't need to be.

Q: Same here. I wish someone would have said it to me after my bad break-up. Like I said, I only say it because, hard as it might be to believe, I care about you, even though I don't know you. I've been where you are, and it kills me to know that you are going through this shit when you don't need to be.
A: Yeah, most advice I got was "Dude don't worry you's will get back together" or "dude just hit up the bar and get some slut to blow you you'll forget about her". My friends aren't the brightest.. First bad break up so didn't really know how to handle but fuck it, I'm too good for her anyway. I'd buy you a beer good man if I could.

Q: Yeah, most advice I got was "Dude don't worry you's will get back together" or "dude just hit up the bar and get some slut to blow you you'll forget about her". My friends aren't the brightest.. First bad break up so didn't really know how to handle but fuck it, I'm too good for her anyway. I'd buy you a beer good man if I could.
A: And I'd drink said beer and buy us a shot. I could use more local friends lol.

Q: And I'd drink said beer and buy us a shot. I could use more local friends lol.
A: Amen to that, I went from living in the middle of the city of New York to some little shit town in nowhere pennsylvania

Q: Amen to that, I went from living in the middle of the city of New York to some little shit town in nowhere pennsylvania
A: Mine was kind of the opposite. Went from a blink and miss it town in Missouri to 30 miles outside of Seattle, living in Tacoma.

Q: Mine was kind of the opposite. Went from a blink and miss it town in Missouri to 30 miles outside of Seattle, living in Tacoma.
A: feels bad man