In subreddit: AskReddit

Title: I've been dating my boyfriend for almost a year, but have a crush on a new guy.. am I terrible person?

Body: So my boyfriend and I have been dating for almost a year. Last week, though, I met this guy and I have a huge crush on him.. to the point where when he smiles at me, I swear my heart jumps a little.

The thing is, I only have a little while with this new guy until I'll most likely never see him again. (I'm on vacation).

I thought I loved my boyfriend, but I feel like if that were true, I wouldn't like this new guy.

So a few questions...

Should I tell my boyfriend?

Should I break up with him when I get home?

Am I terrible person for liking someone else?

Q: What do you think?
A: yes, you should break up with your current boyfriend in favor of a guy you probably will never see again. That is the mature thing to do.

Q: yes, you should break up with your current boyfriend in favor of a guy you probably will never see again. That is the mature thing to do.
A: No, that's not what I meant. I just meant that if I have feelings for this guy, it could happen with someone else. And that wouldn't be fair to my boyfriend..

Q: No, that's not what I meant. I just meant that if I have feelings for this guy, it could happen with someone else. And that wouldn't be fair to my boyfriend..
A: What isn't fair to your boyfriend is slutting it up on vacation and then "feeling bad" for your boyfriend and breaking up with because it is the right thing to do. Why don't you confess to him what you did and how you feel and give him the chance to break up with you? Or is it you think if you break up with your boyfriend then maybe you can "still be friends" with him because you like him so much and he is a great guy? You know what? Do what ever you want. I have no respect for twats like you anyway.

Q: What isn't fair to your boyfriend is slutting it up on vacation and then "feeling bad" for your boyfriend and breaking up with because it is the right thing to do. Why don't you confess to him what you did and how you feel and give him the chance to break up with you? Or is it you think if you break up with your boyfriend then maybe you can "still be friends" with him because you like him so much and he is a great guy? You know what? Do what ever you want. I have no respect for twats like you anyway.
A: yes.