In subreddit: userbattles

Title: [Battle] Rap Battle!

Body: Let's see who can spit the sickest rhymes on /r/userbattles! Step on up!

Q: What do you think?
A: *Comin' atcha, whiskeysquid* I hit the target so hard, they call me 'Atari'. When I'm done preppin' you, you gonna be calamari. "Angel's Share"'s the whiskey word for this kind of loss, I- -just put you in a barrel, just like Barbarossa. You 'Unda da Sea' in Davy Jones' Locker, That's where you belong, you squid muthaf***a.

Q: *Comin' atcha, whiskeysquid* I hit the target so hard, they call me 'Atari'. When I'm done preppin' you, you gonna be calamari. "Angel's Share"'s the whiskey word for this kind of loss, I- -just put you in a barrel, just like Barbarossa. You 'Unda da Sea' in Davy Jones' Locker, That's where you belong, you squid muthaf***a.
A: Writin rhymes on my lunch break third shift flow one vowel in your name not surprised its an 'o' oooooh the blowjob face not that you get any without payinn a dimee. Yea im a squid what about it the new kid on the block but this aint rocket powerrr, hourss till i swim to the surface spread my sticky ink all over yo family and towerrr overrr your lines no doubt itttt Finished my turkey club, downed all my orange hug, let it sit in that i murdered this fucker bruhhh.

Q: Writin rhymes on my lunch break third shift flow one vowel in your name not surprised its an 'o' oooooh the blowjob face not that you get any without payinn a dimee. Yea im a squid what about it the new kid on the block but this aint rocket powerrr, hourss till i swim to the surface spread my sticky ink all over yo family and towerrr overrr your lines no doubt itttt Finished my turkey club, downed all my orange hug, let it sit in that i murdered this fucker bruhhh.
A: Bro, you can't count, you left out the 'I', Reminds me of the time I left you out to die. Man, thanks for sharing, I'm glad you've had lunch. Now you've had your last meal; here's the knockout punch. Turkey club? Dude, that describes your whole family. You just got turkey slapped, with utmost totality. I've shook you like a cocktail, shook you real quick, One part whiskeysquid to two parts whiskeydick.

Q: Bro, you can't count, you left out the 'I', Reminds me of the time I left you out to die. Man, thanks for sharing, I'm glad you've had lunch. Now you've had your last meal; here's the knockout punch. Turkey club? Dude, that describes your whole family. You just got turkey slapped, with utmost totality. I've shook you like a cocktail, shook you real quick, One part whiskeysquid to two parts whiskeydick.
A: With a family of turkeys we gobble better than your rhymes peck your eyes out brotha put yo ass in da times This squid got its tentacles wrapped around your words Crushin all your syllables inkin on yer girl got don't got great karma but my name is not earl Ima end this shit, infernal flows gonna leave you so hot you gonna wanna grab eternal and go play wit yer dicks. Done