In subreddit: whowouldwin

Title: Your favorite 'smart' character -vs- your favorite 'strong' character.

Body: For this battle I want you to choose your favorite character that you feel represents Brains over brawn, and pit them against your favorite character you feel represents Brawn over brains.

The scenario is this, your favorite smart character has one month,and whatever resources they could acquire in that month to plan for your favorite bloodlusted strong character to come kill them.

Who are the characters, and who wins? 

For instance: IronMan vs Bloodlusted Hulk. The answer might be Iron Man pulls out Hulk buster times one month of prep, and wins. Which is totally valid, albeit a bit boring.

Q: What do you think?
A: Sheldon Cooper (Big Bang theory) vs Smallville tv show version of Clark Kent who has one of them red rocks that make him psycho. Howard Walowitz tries building a time machine and Sheldon is the first to volunteer to use it. Turns out he accidentally built a dimensional transporter an Sheldon winds up in metropolis . Being a the comic book enthusiast he is, Sheldon immediately recognizes where he is when we stumbles upon the daily planet. As he walks in he sees on a television set in the lobby that an unknown masked assailant is terrorizing the city and he figures out who it is easily when he notices the bullets that cops shoot at him bounce right off. Sheldon is instantly intrigued and notices lex Luthor leaving the building. They talk and Sheldon tries to manipulate Lex into getting him kryptonite but Lex plays dumb and leaves, ordering one of his guards to follow Sheldon. With one month preparation Sheldon is easily able to locate some kryptonite and begin planning his onslaught against Kent. The month goes by and Sheldon locates the evil Clark robbing a bank near the end of the city limits. as Clark leaves the bank he sees Sheldon in the street wearing a suit of armor with a large kryptonite rock embedded in the middle of his chest. In the knuckles of his armored fists are small fragments of kryptonite. Sheldon has many other tricks up his sleeve knowing more about Kents weaknesses than Kent knows himself. They both run towards each other and they throw a punch at the same time. The moment their fists meet a large flash engulfs them and they both wake up in a large stadium. Looking around they see others looking at them seeming as confused as they are. Sheldon recognizes some from other comics he's read and others he noticed were animated characters who were know in human form. Magneto, sasuke uchiha(naruto), wonder woman, master chief (halo), and batman. The camera then pans up leading to an overhead view of the arena and as the camera raises higher and higher the arena gets smaller and smaller until it's revealed Howard Walowitz is watching from a wizard of oz type crystal ball with an evil grin on his face.