In subreddit: casualiama

Title: Sitting in a cramped apartment for a family reunion type thing and i am pretty high. Ama?

Body: [deleted]

Q: What do you think?
A: What's that whisper app? Why have you never met your father's wife's daughters before? Where's your mom's side of the family? Did your parents get divorced? If so, when? What's your favorite song of all time?

Q: What's that whisper app? Why have you never met your father's wife's daughters before? Where's your mom's side of the family? Did your parents get divorced? If so, when? What's your favorite song of all time?
A: Woah Whisper is an app where your suppose to tell a secret or something anonymously but most people use it to hook up and stuff a lot of the anonymous people are crazy nice tho We live in different states and been doing our own thing. I just lost my job so I got nothing but time so I came down to visit and finally met everyone. They only recently got married. Mom passed away most of her family did as well but yw ones who didn't weren't big fans of my dad so they kinda ignore us My favorite song? Sheeeit. Ima just say what I been feeling the most tonight but Draw your sword by angus and Julia stone. I used to have an android but recently got am iphone and I have been eating it but I have to admit iphone has better autocorrect

Q: Woah Whisper is an app where your suppose to tell a secret or something anonymously but most people use it to hook up and stuff a lot of the anonymous people are crazy nice tho We live in different states and been doing our own thing. I just lost my job so I got nothing but time so I came down to visit and finally met everyone. They only recently got married. Mom passed away most of her family did as well but yw ones who didn't weren't big fans of my dad so they kinda ignore us My favorite song? Sheeeit. Ima just say what I been feeling the most tonight but Draw your sword by angus and Julia stone. I used to have an android but recently got am iphone and I have been eating it but I have to admit iphone has better autocorrect
A: What does your phone have to do with my questions? When and how did your mom pass? How many members did her side of the family have?

Q: What does your phone have to do with my questions? When and how did your mom pass? How many members did her side of the family have?
A: Idk I thought id throw in a trivia fact about switching phones. About 12 years ago cancer Not many sides. After her mom(my grandma) died that was the last pretty much of the close ones besides cousins and stuff Thanks for the questions I was Hoping for more of a fan base ahaha