In subreddit: Queens

Title: Just moved to the area

Body: Hello everyone I just recently moved to Queens and got a job. For someone who has no friends here yet, what's good to do around here? On that note any chances of an organized Reddit meetup in the area? 

Q: What do you think?
A: If you run there is a neat looking running club that meets a few times a week in Astoria - the [Hellgate Road Runners](http://www.hrronline.org/index.htm). I really want to join but it's a bit of a hike from where I am in Jackson Heights. Maybe when it is nicer! Someone asked something similar once and I remember someone mentioned a dart tournament or something like that. It might have been in the Jackson Heights subreddit.... There are also some volunteer options - I found a few through [New York Cares](https://www.newyorkcares.org/). You have to register and go to a short orientation but then you can look at a map of all different types of events, both one-time and recurring. There is a huge variety of volunteer activities. I haven't been here that long and it has just been nice to have someone expect me somewhere around the neighborhood.

Q: If you run there is a neat looking running club that meets a few times a week in Astoria - the [Hellgate Road Runners](http://www.hrronline.org/index.htm). I really want to join but it's a bit of a hike from where I am in Jackson Heights. Maybe when it is nicer! Someone asked something similar once and I remember someone mentioned a dart tournament or something like that. It might have been in the Jackson Heights subreddit.... There are also some volunteer options - I found a few through [New York Cares](https://www.newyorkcares.org/). You have to register and go to a short orientation but then you can look at a map of all different types of events, both one-time and recurring. There is a huge variety of volunteer activities. I haven't been here that long and it has just been nice to have someone expect me somewhere around the neighborhood.
A: Cool I'll look into that thanks!