In subreddit: Queens

Title: Just moved to the area

Body: Hello everyone I just recently moved to Queens and got a job. For someone who has no friends here yet, what's good to do around here? On that note any chances of an organized Reddit meetup in the area? 

Q: What do you think?
A: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.

Q: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.
A: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet

Q: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet
A: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.

Q: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.
A: I don't have a car and honestly don't even know much about surrounding towns lol. I definitely want to check out some of the parks when it gets warmer I really like playing basketball and going for short runs.