In subreddit: Queens

Title: Just moved to the area

Body: Hello everyone I just recently moved to Queens and got a job. For someone who has no friends here yet, what's good to do around here? On that note any chances of an organized Reddit meetup in the area? 

Q: What do you think?
A: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.

Q: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.
A: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet

Q: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet
A: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.

Q: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.
A: I don't have a car and honestly don't even know much about surrounding towns lol. I definitely want to check out some of the parks when it gets warmer I really like playing basketball and going for short runs.

Q: I don't have a car and honestly don't even know much about surrounding towns lol. I definitely want to check out some of the parks when it gets warmer I really like playing basketball and going for short runs.
A: Psst, surrounding "neighborhoods" they're all part of NYC :) Juniper Park is pretty awesome for the ball fields, dog run etc, in the summer, forest Park is great but it's literally -- carved out of a forest. Most people have never even heard of Middle Village, I'm curious how you ended up there, it really doesn't appeal to young people looking for social life, unfortunately. It's where people move to *get away* from city bustle and live in a more suburban style. The q54 runs down metropolitan ave to the more active parts of southern Forest Hills and Kew Gardens which would be an option if you live in the southern part of MV. There are some new bars that are supposed to be good around Ascan ave area, and quite a few good restaurants. KG has a few bars popular with airline staff, but isn't very happening honestly. Northern forest hills/Austin st is an awkward 2-bus ride away, I don't know if it's really worth it. MV is in a geographically isolated area that isn't easy to get around without a car. Again, I'm very confused how you ended up there. I kind of don't know what to tell you, Do you work in Manhattan? Check out meetup groups they are all over.

Q: Psst, surrounding "neighborhoods" they're all part of NYC :) Juniper Park is pretty awesome for the ball fields, dog run etc, in the summer, forest Park is great but it's literally -- carved out of a forest. Most people have never even heard of Middle Village, I'm curious how you ended up there, it really doesn't appeal to young people looking for social life, unfortunately. It's where people move to *get away* from city bustle and live in a more suburban style. The q54 runs down metropolitan ave to the more active parts of southern Forest Hills and Kew Gardens which would be an option if you live in the southern part of MV. There are some new bars that are supposed to be good around Ascan ave area, and quite a few good restaurants. KG has a few bars popular with airline staff, but isn't very happening honestly. Northern forest hills/Austin st is an awkward 2-bus ride away, I don't know if it's really worth it. MV is in a geographically isolated area that isn't easy to get around without a car. Again, I'm very confused how you ended up there. I kind of don't know what to tell you, Do you work in Manhattan? Check out meetup groups they are all over.
A: Oh lol. I answered how I moved up here in a reply to someone below it's a long boring story. I work only a little while away in the mall. When it gets better outside ill venture out to manhattan and other places I'm sure I can keep myself busy when it's warmer out lol