In subreddit: Queens

Title: Just moved to the area

Body: Hello everyone I just recently moved to Queens and got a job. For someone who has no friends here yet, what's good to do around here? On that note any chances of an organized Reddit meetup in the area? 

Q: What do you think?
A: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.

Q: Welcome! What part of Queens are you in? It's a very diverse borough in terms of cultures and things to do, so knowing which neighborhood you're in and what you'd be interested in would be helpful.
A: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet

Q: I'm in Middle Village. Honestly I'd be satisfied with anything to keep me occupied when I'm not working. I've been looking into gyms in the area not really sure which one catches my eye though. Maybe a bar or something that shows basketball games. I'm into other recreational hobbies but it's not legal here :( lol. Are there any good music venues nearby? Any comedy clubs or something? Not use to the city life yet
A: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.

Q: Middle village is a pretty quiet neighborhood in and of itself. Are you north of juniper park or south if it? Do you have a car? There are bars down metropolitan on the other side of Woodhaven -- I'm sure some show sports. Some nice restaurants too. I run in Forest Park when the weathers not shit, that's pretty popular :) Do you like to cook? It's probably not too late to join Glendale CSA, a farm share program where pay in advance and pickup a box of locally grown veggies each week and do some basic volunteering. Nice way to meet neighbors.
A: I don't have a car and honestly don't even know much about surrounding towns lol. I definitely want to check out some of the parks when it gets warmer I really like playing basketball and going for short runs.

Q: I don't have a car and honestly don't even know much about surrounding towns lol. I definitely want to check out some of the parks when it gets warmer I really like playing basketball and going for short runs.
A: Psst, surrounding "neighborhoods" they're all part of NYC :) Juniper Park is pretty awesome for the ball fields, dog run etc, in the summer, forest Park is great but it's literally -- carved out of a forest. Most people have never even heard of Middle Village, I'm curious how you ended up there, it really doesn't appeal to young people looking for social life, unfortunately. It's where people move to *get away* from city bustle and live in a more suburban style. The q54 runs down metropolitan ave to the more active parts of southern Forest Hills and Kew Gardens which would be an option if you live in the southern part of MV. There are some new bars that are supposed to be good around Ascan ave area, and quite a few good restaurants. KG has a few bars popular with airline staff, but isn't very happening honestly. Northern forest hills/Austin st is an awkward 2-bus ride away, I don't know if it's really worth it. MV is in a geographically isolated area that isn't easy to get around without a car. Again, I'm very confused how you ended up there. I kind of don't know what to tell you, Do you work in Manhattan? Check out meetup groups they are all over.

Q: Psst, surrounding "neighborhoods" they're all part of NYC :) Juniper Park is pretty awesome for the ball fields, dog run etc, in the summer, forest Park is great but it's literally -- carved out of a forest. Most people have never even heard of Middle Village, I'm curious how you ended up there, it really doesn't appeal to young people looking for social life, unfortunately. It's where people move to *get away* from city bustle and live in a more suburban style. The q54 runs down metropolitan ave to the more active parts of southern Forest Hills and Kew Gardens which would be an option if you live in the southern part of MV. There are some new bars that are supposed to be good around Ascan ave area, and quite a few good restaurants. KG has a few bars popular with airline staff, but isn't very happening honestly. Northern forest hills/Austin st is an awkward 2-bus ride away, I don't know if it's really worth it. MV is in a geographically isolated area that isn't easy to get around without a car. Again, I'm very confused how you ended up there. I kind of don't know what to tell you, Do you work in Manhattan? Check out meetup groups they are all over.
A: Seriously, how did you end up in Middle Village. Not for nothing, I took a look at your submitted and saw a picture of you and you do look like the last person to move to Middle Village. I don't mean anything bad by that just that it's a seriously residential area full of families and not much to do for young people. Also it's a trek to get to the trains. I live in Middle Village cause I was raised here and refuse to pay a broker's fee as I look to move out. I recommend Mooneys on Eliot in the summer for their patio. Bridies is for a younger crowd, but it's a lot of neighborhood kids who aren't really "open-minded." Andy's for sandwiches, Silver Barn for groceries, Framboise for pastries is my recommendation. I'm loyal to Steve's on Eliot for Pizza, but Rosas on Metro is superb. Truthfully I'd look into getting a bike/motorcycle and getting yourself out to Forest Hills, Sunnyside, and Woodside for more social settings. Elmhurst is right there for food. Just realize you're in a seriously close knit community full of families. It's a great place to live and raise a family, but it's a drag if you're young and looking to meet new people and get laid.

Q: Seriously, how did you end up in Middle Village. Not for nothing, I took a look at your submitted and saw a picture of you and you do look like the last person to move to Middle Village. I don't mean anything bad by that just that it's a seriously residential area full of families and not much to do for young people. Also it's a trek to get to the trains. I live in Middle Village cause I was raised here and refuse to pay a broker's fee as I look to move out. I recommend Mooneys on Eliot in the summer for their patio. Bridies is for a younger crowd, but it's a lot of neighborhood kids who aren't really "open-minded." Andy's for sandwiches, Silver Barn for groceries, Framboise for pastries is my recommendation. I'm loyal to Steve's on Eliot for Pizza, but Rosas on Metro is superb. Truthfully I'd look into getting a bike/motorcycle and getting yourself out to Forest Hills, Sunnyside, and Woodside for more social settings. Elmhurst is right there for food. Just realize you're in a seriously close knit community full of families. It's a great place to live and raise a family, but it's a drag if you're young and looking to meet new people and get laid.
A: Well I was living in Pennsylvania with my dad at a house we owned. Recently he got married to an old high school sweetheart who lived here in middle village. Last month he had to get heart surgery done and he got it done near here and when I came to visit I would stay at her house. He's now resting at our home in PA with my sisters and I decided to stay here to work because in PA its hard to find work especially since I had to junk my car. Nothing was in walking distance. Since my dad's wife works all the time and is barely home I find myself stuck at here being pretty bored. It's really a weird story but it happens lol. I always wondered why I rarely saw a younger crowd around lol.

Q: Well I was living in Pennsylvania with my dad at a house we owned. Recently he got married to an old high school sweetheart who lived here in middle village. Last month he had to get heart surgery done and he got it done near here and when I came to visit I would stay at her house. He's now resting at our home in PA with my sisters and I decided to stay here to work because in PA its hard to find work especially since I had to junk my car. Nothing was in walking distance. Since my dad's wife works all the time and is barely home I find myself stuck at here being pretty bored. It's really a weird story but it happens lol. I always wondered why I rarely saw a younger crowd around lol.
A: Ah that makes a hell of a lot more sense now! So I would say get yourself a bike when it gets warmer so you can start going to the other more young focused crowds. Since you're pretty new to NYC I'm gonna guess you're gonna wanna spend time in Brooklyn. It's just the way things are, Queens currently (outside of Astoria) isn't full of stretches of places for young transplants. It's about 30bucks by yellow cab from the Village to Middle Village. Always take Williamsburg-BQE-LIE then you can pick either Maurice or Woodhave as your exit depending on which is closer to you. Q54 down Metro takes you to Williamsburg. Just realize you're not in a very youthfully vibrant neighborhood so you're going to have to go out of your way to find anything. It'll get easier once its warmer. Until then good luck and look into City jobs.

Q: Ah that makes a hell of a lot more sense now! So I would say get yourself a bike when it gets warmer so you can start going to the other more young focused crowds. Since you're pretty new to NYC I'm gonna guess you're gonna wanna spend time in Brooklyn. It's just the way things are, Queens currently (outside of Astoria) isn't full of stretches of places for young transplants. It's about 30bucks by yellow cab from the Village to Middle Village. Always take Williamsburg-BQE-LIE then you can pick either Maurice or Woodhave as your exit depending on which is closer to you. Q54 down Metro takes you to Williamsburg. Just realize you're not in a very youthfully vibrant neighborhood so you're going to have to go out of your way to find anything. It'll get easier once its warmer. Until then good luck and look into City jobs.
A: Okay cool thanks for the help! I actually grew up in Greenpoint Brooklyn and moved when I was about 13 but all my old friends moved away. Now that I'm 25 I'm Looking forward to seeing my old neighborhood I've heard it's changed a lot since.