In subreddit: NBASpurs

Title: Game 7: Spurs @ Clippers (5/2) Pregame Discussion Thread

Body: [Get hyped](http://gfycat.com/UnnaturalNeedyHydra)

Q: What do you think?
A: Baynes ejected for suplexing Barnes. Bonner explodes for 20 points. Tony and Cory swap jerseys, Joseph goes 9/9 in the paint and gets a late night booty call from Longoria. Duncan is absent from the first quarter, found by staff floating 3" above the locker room floor in deep meditation. Takes the court at the beginning of the 2nd and does not merely dunk on Griffin, physically lifts Griffin off the floor and dunks him along with the ball through the undamaged rim. Physicists spend 50 years determining how Duncan understood the quantum mechanics to make this possible. Manu plays in a wheelchair, using paraplegic league rules to his advantage. Refs so impressed by wheelies they let it slide. Splitter and Green swapped bodies in Freaky Friday event. Danny is now a nasty post defender and Splitter drops 15 3-point shots. Pop finds magical way to return them to their rightful bodies with a strong message of friendship and a cameo from David Robinson.

Q: Baynes ejected for suplexing Barnes. Bonner explodes for 20 points. Tony and Cory swap jerseys, Joseph goes 9/9 in the paint and gets a late night booty call from Longoria. Duncan is absent from the first quarter, found by staff floating 3" above the locker room floor in deep meditation. Takes the court at the beginning of the 2nd and does not merely dunk on Griffin, physically lifts Griffin off the floor and dunks him along with the ball through the undamaged rim. Physicists spend 50 years determining how Duncan understood the quantum mechanics to make this possible. Manu plays in a wheelchair, using paraplegic league rules to his advantage. Refs so impressed by wheelies they let it slide. Splitter and Green swapped bodies in Freaky Friday event. Danny is now a nasty post defender and Splitter drops 15 3-point shots. Pop finds magical way to return them to their rightful bodies with a strong message of friendship and a cameo from David Robinson.
A: [10]