In subreddit: LegionFX

Title: An email?

Body: So you'll have to bear with me for a bit, this probably belongs on r/fantheories.

1) DOFP takes place in 1962. Xavier is 22 at this point and has no kids. (Birthday July 13, 1940)

2) Based on style, the show takes place in the mid-late 1970's.

3) Amy says she needs to at least send an email to her husband to let him know she is alright. Commercial email wasn't a thing (for regular people anyway) until the mid 90's.

Lets assume that Charles gets busy with one of his lady friends immediately (Moira, Gabrielle, Amelia, doesn't matter). That means David would be born 9 months later (sometime in 1963).

If it is the late 1970s, that would mean that the oldest David could be is 16 years old. 

First off this doesn't make any sense, he had an adult relationship (where he was moved in and had prospective marriage) for a while. He ruined that relationship, moved into a psych ward, then developed another relationship. Chronologically it would make more sense for him to be in his mid 20's instead of being a teenager.

But, lets get a little more "reasonable" with our numbers. Lets assume it takes Charles a little time to cozy up to his paramour enough to have kids. That would add a reasonable 2 years. If we factor in how busy he is establishing his school we might add another year or 5. Instead of making David 16 lets put him at the more reasonable 25. Quickly we see that instead of it being the mid-late 70's we should be looking at the late 80's early 90's.

So why do I care? First off augmented reality. From an in show perspective everything is questionable. (The dog wasn't a dog, ect.) From a meta perspective, the show is constantly dropping clues that what you are looking at is not real. 

So what if the email line wasn't a slip. What if the show isn't taking place in 1979. What if instead the show is taking place in 1994, and we are simply seeing David's perception or filter of the style?

At best I give my self 60% probability this is true, but if it is I have to ask the question: Why is the period of the late 1970's significant to David?

Q: What do you think?
A: Didn't Cary mention king was in David's mind for the last 30 years? I vaguely remember that but if its true it would mean David's 30, right?