In subreddit: gameofthrones

Title: [EVERYTHING] Either way...she's lucky to even have a papa.

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: That's pretty much how I read the scene. Part of the reason she spared them is that she didn't want to leave another little girl without a dad.

Q: That's pretty much how I read the scene. Part of the reason she spared them is that she didn't want to leave another little girl without a dad.
A: Would she have been able to take them all on? Sure she's skilled as an assassin now but we never actually got to see her in close up battle with real soldiers.

Q: Would she have been able to take them all on? Sure she's skilled as an assassin now but we never actually got to see her in close up battle with real soldiers.
A: None of them were armed. We saw her specifically noting where all of their weapons were and her facial expression certainly looked like she was asking herself if she could kill them all before they could arm themselves.

Q: None of them were armed. We saw her specifically noting where all of their weapons were and her facial expression certainly looked like she was asking herself if she could kill them all before they could arm themselves.
A: Yeah but would she have been able to take them all out before at least one of them were able to grab her up? I mean their trained soldiers, even with their guard down and possibly a bit buzzed I would think they'd be able to get the upper hand.

Q: Yeah but would she have been able to take them all out before at least one of them were able to grab her up? I mean their trained soldiers, even with their guard down and possibly a bit buzzed I would think they'd be able to get the upper hand.
A: I think you might be over estimating the amount of training that goes into medieval conscripts. Mostly, noblemen and career soldiers were trained, but common folk who just got thrown into arms when a war broke out didn't have much. They probably just got handed a sword and told to stab people with them and that was the end of it. Arya has quite a bit of combat training including training.

Q: I think you might be over estimating the amount of training that goes into medieval conscripts. Mostly, noblemen and career soldiers were trained, but common folk who just got thrown into arms when a war broke out didn't have much. They probably just got handed a sword and told to stab people with them and that was the end of it. Arya has quite a bit of combat training including training.
A: Ahh okay. Now I wish she did cut them down it would of been fun to see the look of shock on their face.