In subreddit: AskReddit

Title: What is the shittiest city you've visited only once and completely refuse to return?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I've heard of WAY too many people who go out of their way to tour my hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania because it's the setting for "The Office" sitcom. Only problem is, Scranton is known for three things: political corruption, crippling debt, and "The Office." They didn't even *film* the show here, just the establishing shots for the intro. Needless to say, they all wasted their time (and mine by tying up traffic).

Q: I've heard of WAY too many people who go out of their way to tour my hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania because it's the setting for "The Office" sitcom. Only problem is, Scranton is known for three things: political corruption, crippling debt, and "The Office." They didn't even *film* the show here, just the establishing shots for the intro. Needless to say, they all wasted their time (and mine by tying up traffic).
A: Don't get me started on Hazleton..And I live there.

Q: Don't get me started on Hazleton..And I live there.
A: Moving out of Hazleton is the real bitch, never mind just living there. Between lack of jobs and ones that don't pay well enough to live beyond paycheck-to-paycheck, getting stuck there is like getting stuck in a black hole. I just moved out after years of suffering there and I couldn't be happier.

Q: Moving out of Hazleton is the real bitch, never mind just living there. Between lack of jobs and ones that don't pay well enough to live beyond paycheck-to-paycheck, getting stuck there is like getting stuck in a black hole. I just moved out after years of suffering there and I couldn't be happier.
A: I moved here from Brooklyn, NY and never thought I'd say Hazleton is actually pretty worse. Possibly moving to Lancaster soon although I get mixed reactions when asking people how it is there.

Q: I moved here from Brooklyn, NY and never thought I'd say Hazleton is actually pretty worse. Possibly moving to Lancaster soon although I get mixed reactions when asking people how it is there.
A: Shit, I moved from New York to Hazleton too (I originally lived in Ridgewood, Queens) and at a young age going from a big city to a little run-down coal mining town was a huuuge culture shock for me. The only good thing about Hazleton was being able to hop on I-80 and visit family in a two hour drive if I ever got homesick. If you end up moving to Lancaster I hope it treats you well!

Q: Shit, I moved from New York to Hazleton too (I originally lived in Ridgewood, Queens) and at a young age going from a big city to a little run-down coal mining town was a huuuge culture shock for me. The only good thing about Hazleton was being able to hop on I-80 and visit family in a two hour drive if I ever got homesick. If you end up moving to Lancaster I hope it treats you well!
A: Yeah not too bad of a drive back to the city. Thanks a lot, I was told Lancaster has that city vibe so hopefully I'll feel right at home