In subreddit: PUBGMobile

Title: STOP ENTERING SQUAD MATCHES IF YOU DONT INTEND TO WORK AS A SQUAD.

Body: I shouldn't be banned from joining matches due to quiting before the match starts when people refuse to drop as a team. I get my ranked dropped because of other peoples idiocracy. And that's just dumb. 

EDIT: to all the people who are saying toxic crap that I probably suck. My top ten ratio in Squad disagrees
 https://imgur.com/a/3o97tIY

Q: What do you think?
A: Usually, when i play with randoms i set up rules that i follow before trusting any of them. &#x200B; 1: Spam inviting me to drop with you without putting a mark on the map wont help you, you're just going to piss me off and make me ignore you half the time. &#x200B; 2: If you're hotdropping when you're just 2 premades i WONT follow you, i know that you're dead as soon as you touch the earth, wont bother. &#x200B; 3: Instead of going into popular drops, drop over places that are close to fighting points, atleast you can loot up and have agency to work with. &#x200B; 4: If your intention is to engage a fight everytime you see someone (even if he's 500m away) instead of tracking him and flanking/following him to then kill him, i will use you as a human bait for kills. &#x200B; What i hate the most is when you manage to survive with 3 other people to the last circle and then they engage fights without pinging where the enemies are... like, really, if you shoot into a direction and i don't see anyone, how am i supposed to help you? Ping it, ping the last position you saw him so i can track him and take a proper cover to take him down.

Q: Usually, when i play with randoms i set up rules that i follow before trusting any of them. &#x200B; 1: Spam inviting me to drop with you without putting a mark on the map wont help you, you're just going to piss me off and make me ignore you half the time. &#x200B; 2: If you're hotdropping when you're just 2 premades i WONT follow you, i know that you're dead as soon as you touch the earth, wont bother. &#x200B; 3: Instead of going into popular drops, drop over places that are close to fighting points, atleast you can loot up and have agency to work with. &#x200B; 4: If your intention is to engage a fight everytime you see someone (even if he's 500m away) instead of tracking him and flanking/following him to then kill him, i will use you as a human bait for kills. &#x200B; What i hate the most is when you manage to survive with 3 other people to the last circle and then they engage fights without pinging where the enemies are... like, really, if you shoot into a direction and i don't see anyone, how am i supposed to help you? Ping it, ping the last position you saw him so i can track him and take a proper cover to take him down.
A: Noob here playing on an android phone. Is there an easier way to ping enemies or just the drop down chat box?