In subreddit: apexlegends

Title: Daily Discussion | July 12, 2019

Body: This daily thread is a place for smaller discussion and quick questions. Moderation will be more relaxed in here but remember to be nice to your fellow Legends!

Q: What do you think?
A: Anyone on ps4 mess with the field view? I've been reading it could help gameplay if you raise it but i also read it makes aiming worse. Any opinions?

Q: Anyone on ps4 mess with the field view? I've been reading it could help gameplay if you raise it but i also read it makes aiming worse. Any opinions?
A: Mine’s set to max (110) and I’m never going back.

Q: Mine’s set to max (110) and I’m never going back.
A: What's some of the advantages/disadvantages you've noticed compared to before?

Q: What's some of the advantages/disadvantages you've noticed compared to before?
A: Hmm good question since I changed it a few months ago it’s hard to say but off the top of my head I’d say the biggest advantage is being able to see more in your periphery. Big advantage being able to see more on the sides without having to turn. Disadvantages would be initially there’s kind of a fish bowl effect and you feel like you’re moving faster (even though of course you’re not). It can also lower performance but I’ve never noticed any drops on a PS4 Pro. I recommend giving it a try since usually more information usually equals better especially in first person shooters.

Q: Hmm good question since I changed it a few months ago it’s hard to say but off the top of my head I’d say the biggest advantage is being able to see more in your periphery. Big advantage being able to see more on the sides without having to turn. Disadvantages would be initially there’s kind of a fish bowl effect and you feel like you’re moving faster (even though of course you’re not). It can also lower performance but I’ve never noticed any drops on a PS4 Pro. I recommend giving it a try since usually more information usually equals better especially in first person shooters.
A: The main disadvantage is it literally makes aiming harder because everything in the middle of your screen is smaller. I play on 90 I think

Q: The main disadvantage is it literally makes aiming harder because everything in the middle of your screen is smaller. I play on 90 I think
A: Fair enough, it’s a preference thing. Once I got used to it I’ve had no issues with aiming.

Q: Fair enough, it’s a preference thing. Once I got used to it I’ve had no issues with aiming.
A: Yeah for sure, it's each to their own, but it definitely will make it a lot harder initially if you bump FOV up miles

Q: Yeah for sure, it's each to their own, but it definitely will make it a lot harder initially if you bump FOV up miles
A: Thanks for the input. Gonna try it out tonight see how it goes.