In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I am my own heckler. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: After the first joke or two I was groaning, thinking maybe this was going to not be good, that his Tourette's was going to just be a novelty (not sure that's the right word, but can't think of a better one) that he used to get over, and his material was not going to be good. But, after one or two more jokes it became clear that no, he's actually got some good material there too. Definitely a high volume of jokes, and usually that means some aren't going to land, and I think that was true, but plenty did land and a couple landed really solid, so I dig, good job! But hey, question for those that know more about Tourette's than me: I know the whole "cursing Tourette's" is just one kind (and I believe not all that common)... I dated a girl once with Tourette's and she just did some relatively minor ticking for example... but why is cursing specifically a thing? Why those particular words with this guy? "Fucking shit-ass fuck" and such? It seems like if you were going to have Tourette's where you randomly exclaim words that it wouldn't be so specific and would be more random with other non-curse words (and maybe that's another form that I'm less familiar with?)... just curious about this.

Q: After the first joke or two I was groaning, thinking maybe this was going to not be good, that his Tourette's was going to just be a novelty (not sure that's the right word, but can't think of a better one) that he used to get over, and his material was not going to be good. But, after one or two more jokes it became clear that no, he's actually got some good material there too. Definitely a high volume of jokes, and usually that means some aren't going to land, and I think that was true, but plenty did land and a couple landed really solid, so I dig, good job! But hey, question for those that know more about Tourette's than me: I know the whole "cursing Tourette's" is just one kind (and I believe not all that common)... I dated a girl once with Tourette's and she just did some relatively minor ticking for example... but why is cursing specifically a thing? Why those particular words with this guy? "Fucking shit-ass fuck" and such? It seems like if you were going to have Tourette's where you randomly exclaim words that it wouldn't be so specific and would be more random with other non-curse words (and maybe that's another form that I'm less familiar with?)... just curious about this.
A: Thank you! No idea why cursing is a thing, not sure if it's well understood neurologically yet. It totally might be though, I'll look into more sources. Going out on a wild limb, I think it might have to do with the cursing being a spoken reaction to the unexpected physical sensation? Tiny lil invisible gremlins all over my body pulling my limbs? Not sure!