In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I am my own heckler. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: All the comments are creepy nice. You're funny, no doubt, but everyone is treating you like a hot chick that they want to fuck. Notice the bizarre exclamation point (!) count in this comment thread, over 300 (not including your "thank you!"s). **(I mention this because it's internet doctrine that "!" is the symbol used by white people culture online when they're being fake)** People feel a moral imperative to find you funny because of your disability. The fact that you are actually funny creates this dopey cognitive dissonance. Many of the comments are half-fake, and half-genuine, or genuine but written like they're fake. This is like some Twilight Zone Shit going on. Jesus, the top comment by /u/FILTHY_GOBSHITE : >You've got a lot of stage presence and charisma, really likeable. Keep that shit up. Cringey as fuck. It's like the comment version of a person with Botox trying to smile. You're actually good so you don't need to be some peasant eating validations scraps at the table that boring fucks like him are tossing you. My point, own it. Own all of this. Use it. Recognize this behavior and draw humor from it. For someone with Tourettes I am surprised at your lack of on-stage awareness of it. You make a joke here or there, but nothing deep. Is it because you think it's an easy target? Your audience is filled with these stray emotions ready for you to manipulate. Their guilt, their judging.. etc. Consider things in the (vague) vein of: 1. ".. That was a shit joke, don't worry you're allowed to not laugh, it's not quite beating up a retarded person, but you're still a terrible human being" 2. "Even if you don't find me funny you'll earn like 50 Karma by sticking around. You'll still be reborn mosquito but at least you won't be shit on " 3. "I was in special needs class. I sat next to a kid that ate shit, because I say SHIT. There is no justice in this world" You're probably cleverer than me so maybe you thought this through already, and you could certainly come up with better examples, but I think it'd be cool if you entertain that direction a bit.

Q: All the comments are creepy nice. You're funny, no doubt, but everyone is treating you like a hot chick that they want to fuck. Notice the bizarre exclamation point (!) count in this comment thread, over 300 (not including your "thank you!"s). **(I mention this because it's internet doctrine that "!" is the symbol used by white people culture online when they're being fake)** People feel a moral imperative to find you funny because of your disability. The fact that you are actually funny creates this dopey cognitive dissonance. Many of the comments are half-fake, and half-genuine, or genuine but written like they're fake. This is like some Twilight Zone Shit going on. Jesus, the top comment by /u/FILTHY_GOBSHITE : >You've got a lot of stage presence and charisma, really likeable. Keep that shit up. Cringey as fuck. It's like the comment version of a person with Botox trying to smile. You're actually good so you don't need to be some peasant eating validations scraps at the table that boring fucks like him are tossing you. My point, own it. Own all of this. Use it. Recognize this behavior and draw humor from it. For someone with Tourettes I am surprised at your lack of on-stage awareness of it. You make a joke here or there, but nothing deep. Is it because you think it's an easy target? Your audience is filled with these stray emotions ready for you to manipulate. Their guilt, their judging.. etc. Consider things in the (vague) vein of: 1. ".. That was a shit joke, don't worry you're allowed to not laugh, it's not quite beating up a retarded person, but you're still a terrible human being" 2. "Even if you don't find me funny you'll earn like 50 Karma by sticking around. You'll still be reborn mosquito but at least you won't be shit on " 3. "I was in special needs class. I sat next to a kid that ate shit, because I say SHIT. There is no justice in this world" You're probably cleverer than me so maybe you thought this through already, and you could certainly come up with better examples, but I think it'd be cool if you entertain that direction a bit.
A: Great points. Let's talk some good ol reddit theory. Yeah, I would agree that many of the comments are more positive than the actual emotions people might be having. I think it's for two main reasons. First is that people are obviously trying to be kind, as a means of encouraging me to continue doing what I'm doing, which is something I greatly appreciate. And also because hopefully they legitimately are kind people who enjoyed the comedy. Second is that I am the content creator, and I am actively reading and replying to these comments. People probably don't want to actively insult someone they think will legitimately read what they write. Now about the exclamation points!! I could see how they are viewed as fake, but I do want to say "Thank you" every time people are kind, and I feel like "Thank you." is too curt. So I went with "Thank you!" As an initial opener to set tone, and then I try to follow that with actual responses. About the set, I do in fact think certain Tourette's jokes would be too easy. Last thing, if you want to see some way more brutal comments, check out the world star version someone uploaded lol, those comments are vicious. Edit: I changed the exclamation points part's phrasing