In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Dude you're fuckin great! Definitely gonna follow you and I hope you go far man, we need some more good one-liners out there. I don't even have any questions I just wanted to make sure you knew someone appreciates you!

Q: Dude you're fuckin great! Definitely gonna follow you and I hope you go far man, we need some more good one-liners out there. I don't even have any questions I just wanted to make sure you knew someone appreciates you!
A: Thank you, that's very kind! I also hope I go somewhere with this lol. If you don't have any questions, I'll ask one, how's it going?

Q: Thank you, that's very kind! I also hope I go somewhere with this lol. If you don't have any questions, I'll ask one, how's it going?
A: Well let's just say you never notice how much you swallow in a day untill you have strep throat lol so I'm just resting that off while bingeing stuff on YouTube or Reddit. How's it going with you man ?

Q: Well let's just say you never notice how much you swallow in a day untill you have strep throat lol so I'm just resting that off while bingeing stuff on YouTube or Reddit. How's it going with you man ?
A: Damn, sorry about that. Here's one of my favorite[ old youtube memes](https://youtu.be/lwoSFQb5HVk) to help with the binge. More relevant these days. I'm doing alright, mostly just kicking it, you know how it is. Looking forward to some July 4th fireworks and what not. Definitely hope you feel better my dude

Q: Damn, sorry about that. Here's one of my favorite[ old youtube memes](https://youtu.be/lwoSFQb5HVk) to help with the binge. More relevant these days. I'm doing alright, mostly just kicking it, you know how it is. Looking forward to some July 4th fireworks and what not. Definitely hope you feel better my dude
A: Hey thanks man, and that video was good n groovy, my sides are far out lol. But the 4th, hell yeah man, I'm gonna sit on my roof and get a lil fucked up and watch the sky explode.

Q: Hey thanks man, and that video was good n groovy, my sides are far out lol. But the 4th, hell yeah man, I'm gonna sit on my roof and get a lil fucked up and watch the sky explode.
A: Righteous! I'll watch from the comfort of a chair on the ground lol, fireworks scare the heck out of me when I'm also high up