In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: Hey man your material is really good! Hope you dont mind if i tell my boss some on Monday (i wont take any credit obviously)

Q: Hey man your material is really good! Hope you dont mind if i tell my boss some on Monday (i wont take any credit obviously)
A: Thank you! I do mind actually, I don't like your boss, tell 'em they can stuff it (no yeah absolutely, I don't mind at all, that would be rad!)

Q: Thank you! I do mind actually, I don't like your boss, tell 'em they can stuff it (no yeah absolutely, I don't mind at all, that would be rad!)
A: I tell them that daily as it is ha I came up with this joke the other day and i think you'll appreciate it (not tryin to one up) If a bunch of famous bands held a charity concert for indie bands it'd be called Band-Aid Yea i know its dumb Haha

Q: I tell them that daily as it is ha I came up with this joke the other day and i think you'll appreciate it (not tryin to one up) If a bunch of famous bands held a charity concert for indie bands it'd be called Band-Aid Yea i know its dumb Haha
A: Lol right on, that would actually be a solid name for an event like that