In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Are curse words usually the most common vocalization of your condition because of how succinctly hard hitting they are? Like could "track" be one? Or does it catch you a little off guard and your reaction is , shit! fuck! ? Thank you for the comedy, a realy Mitch Hedberg cadence, really nice and precise!!!

Q: Are curse words usually the most common vocalization of your condition because of how succinctly hard hitting they are? Like could "track" be one? Or does it catch you a little off guard and your reaction is , shit! fuck! ? Thank you for the comedy, a realy Mitch Hedberg cadence, really nice and precise!!!
A: Only like 10&#37; of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called [Coprolalia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coprolalia), which literally means feces talk. Most people just do various noises or bodily movements. I think it is because of how hard hitting they are, like they are the most powerful way to get rid of the energy. It's like if you stubbed your toe, your mind prefers to curse, you know? I rarely have non-curse word Tourette's and I'm honestly not always sure if it even is, because of how regular words just blend in with conversation. Jess Thom, a British comedian with Tourette's, says "Biscuits" regularly, and it's pretty clear that hers is actually a tic. Thank you!! Mitch Hedberg is my favorite

Q: Only like 10&#37; of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called [Coprolalia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coprolalia), which literally means feces talk. Most people just do various noises or bodily movements. I think it is because of how hard hitting they are, like they are the most powerful way to get rid of the energy. It's like if you stubbed your toe, your mind prefers to curse, you know? I rarely have non-curse word Tourette's and I'm honestly not always sure if it even is, because of how regular words just blend in with conversation. Jess Thom, a British comedian with Tourette's, says "Biscuits" regularly, and it's pretty clear that hers is actually a tic. Thank you!! Mitch Hedberg is my favorite
A: aha, but is it painful or just an overwhelming feeling that forces it out? Thank you for your answers and comedy!

Q: aha, but is it painful or just an overwhelming feeling that forces it out? Thank you for your answers and comedy!
A: It's pretty much never painful on its own, unless I jerk certain muscles too hard or too fast. My neck hurts the most often. Usually though it's just a sudden overwhelming spasm or compulsion