In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: You made me laugh out loud. Especially at the ad lib. As someone looking to get into stand up myself I applaud how much work you put in.

Q: You made me laugh out loud. Especially at the ad lib. As someone looking to get into stand up myself I applaud how much work you put in.
A: Thank you! I'm glad you were able to appreciate that, I spend so much time staring at the wall thinking about giraffes edit: Also, you should totally go for it

Q: Thank you! I'm glad you were able to appreciate that, I spend so much time staring at the wall thinking about giraffes edit: Also, you should totally go for it
A: I’ve been writing for a while. I know there are No excuses but my life has generally been a giant mess up until recently and I haven’t had the time/energy to delve into it. I don’t want to sound offensive, but seeing you do this with a “disadvantage” to the game is definitely inspiring. Please know that I’m not trying to be insulting, but if a person with a tick can go up there and slay, there are truly no excuses for someone who doesn’t to not get up there and try. Extremely inspiring man.

Q: I’ve been writing for a while. I know there are No excuses but my life has generally been a giant mess up until recently and I haven’t had the time/energy to delve into it. I don’t want to sound offensive, but seeing you do this with a “disadvantage” to the game is definitely inspiring. Please know that I’m not trying to be insulting, but if a person with a tick can go up there and slay, there are truly no excuses for someone who doesn’t to not get up there and try. Extremely inspiring man.
A: Not offensive at all, in fact that was very kind of you. You should go do the things you want to do! I really hope you the best, and that it works out.