In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: Dude, working your swearing into the shipwreck joke is comedy platinum. Not even gold !!!!!

Q: Dude, working your swearing into the shipwreck joke is comedy platinum. Not even gold !!!!!
A: Thank you!!!!! I will spend it all on new jokes

Q: Thank you!!!!! I will spend it all on new jokes
A: Yea, the message in a bottle bit had me laughing out loud hard! Because you work it into the act; buffering, what does that even mean, that's my favorite one, makes people feel more comfortable about it and adds to the set instead of taking away. Brilliant.

Q: Yea, the message in a bottle bit had me laughing out loud hard! Because you work it into the act; buffering, what does that even mean, that's my favorite one, makes people feel more comfortable about it and adds to the set instead of taking away. Brilliant.
A: Thank you! And yes, I love comparing all the tics and ranking them in my mind lol. I love the mouth flappy one so much