In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: Who's your comedy inspiration?

Q: Who's your comedy inspiration?
A: Mitch Hedberg, Kate Beaton, and Bill Watterson

Q: Mitch Hedberg, Kate Beaton, and Bill Watterson
A: First time I've seen Bill Watterson as inspiration for stand-up comedy, but I appreciate it and it makes a lot of sense. What is your take on Demetri Martin?

Q: First time I've seen Bill Watterson as inspiration for stand-up comedy, but I appreciate it and it makes a lot of sense. What is your take on Demetri Martin?
A: Watterson massively shaped my childhood, and Calvin & Hobbes is essentially many short jokes. Demetri Martin is also trying to keep the one-liners alive, and I respect that, as well as the sheer amount of work it must have taken him to make so much material. He's got some jokes that I think about occasionally, like the walrus vampire one