In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: I guess the one thing I am always curious about is why is it swearing that is a tic (at least that is the trope)? Why not just random words?

Q: I guess the one thing I am always curious about is why is it swearing that is a tic (at least that is the trope)? Why not just random words?
A: Only like 10&#37; of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called coprolalia, and I think the trope is swearing because that is the most jarring one. Some people do just say random words, like there is a British comedian named Jess Thom who says "Biscuits."

Q: Only like 10&#37; of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called coprolalia, and I think the trope is swearing because that is the most jarring one. Some people do just say random words, like there is a British comedian named Jess Thom who says "Biscuits."
A: Did your Tourette's start at a particular age, or have you had it your whole life? If you've had it your whole life, can you recall what sort of words you would say before you learned swear words? Thanks for answering our questions! Loved watching your set. :)

Q: Did your Tourette's start at a particular age, or have you had it your whole life? If you've had it your whole life, can you recall what sort of words you would say before you learned swear words? Thanks for answering our questions! Loved watching your set. :)
A: I had very mild Tourette's from the ages of around 7 to 21, and at 21 it got significantly worse over the course of a few months. I mostly just made humming noises and twitched my head growing up. Thank you!