In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: As a follow Tourette's dude, good job getting yourself out there and not being afraid of showing everyone what you can do. Mine is mostly physical with occasional coughs, grunts, but luckily no verbal outburst. I know you have the shorter end of that stick. Mine is more active during stressful situations or if I am actively concentrating on other task and not trying to tamp down the tics. When you are on stage is this your most or least active state with your tics? Seems like the pressure of an audience and performing would ramp it up. With that said, I do a far amount of public speaking and can keep in controlled for the most part. Also how old are you...how do your tics compare now to when you were a teen? Mine where way worse as a teen (puberty / highschool stress) then now.

Q: As a follow Tourette's dude, good job getting yourself out there and not being afraid of showing everyone what you can do. Mine is mostly physical with occasional coughs, grunts, but luckily no verbal outburst. I know you have the shorter end of that stick. Mine is more active during stressful situations or if I am actively concentrating on other task and not trying to tamp down the tics. When you are on stage is this your most or least active state with your tics? Seems like the pressure of an audience and performing would ramp it up. With that said, I do a far amount of public speaking and can keep in controlled for the most part. Also how old are you...how do your tics compare now to when you were a teen? Mine where way worse as a teen (puberty / highschool stress) then now.
A: Thank you, Tourette's represent! Most active state is on stage for sure, second only to the moment I walk into a new place if I can tell people are looking at me lol, like right as I board a train. My tics were significantly lower as a teen, pretty much just simple humming and head twitches, I didn't even bother to think about it or get it diagnosed. It got significantly worse when I was 21, it slowly ramped up over the course of a few months