In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: Who's your comedy inspiration?

Q: Who's your comedy inspiration?
A: Mitch Hedberg, Kate Beaton, and Bill Watterson

Q: Mitch Hedberg, Kate Beaton, and Bill Watterson
A: Got a Mitch vibe from your set for sure. Very funny stuff, man. Hope you keep at it, youll be big one day, I bet, and not from the affliction, or being 'brave' or whatever. Youll be famous for being funny.

Q: Got a Mitch vibe from your set for sure. Very funny stuff, man. Hope you keep at it, youll be big one day, I bet, and not from the affliction, or being 'brave' or whatever. Youll be famous for being funny.
A: Thank you! If I get famous, I hope that's what it's for lol