In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: I have turrets and also did a a brief stint as a stand up comedian as well. When I would perform, my tics would disappear. The minute I got off the stage, they'd come back. Why do you think that is not the case with you? How much of your performance is you actually playing off of the tics, and not an uncontrollable action? Do your tics get worse when you are not performing?

Q: I have turrets and also did a a brief stint as a stand up comedian as well. When I would perform, my tics would disappear. The minute I got off the stage, they'd come back. Why do you think that is not the case with you? How much of your performance is you actually playing off of the tics, and not an uncontrollable action? Do your tics get worse when you are not performing?
A: The trouble is that they are so strong, they build up too quickly, so I can hold them in briefly, but then I would just get absolutely overwhelmed by an avalanche of tics. I do let them happen on stage, mostly to relieve the tension, but also so I can riff. I never fake or force them though, it's all chance. My tics are significantly more relaxed when I am not performing.