In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: [deleted]

Q: [deleted]
A: \- I joined the improv team in college because a friend of mine told me to, lol. I almost didn't go to the auditions because I had homework that night, but I ended up ditching the work for the comedy. After doing improv for a while, I found out about a stand-up competition, and I gave it a shot. I bombed miserably, but I had a blast, so I've kept with it! \- I have tried marijuana for the tics, but it usually makes me far more anxious than it helps. I haven't tried specifically medical marijuana though. I have been told to try CBD oil, or a strain with less of the head high. I'll look more into Pennsylvania's laws and see what my options are there. \- Most people don't ask me anything initially, but eventually they usually do. Sometimes it does get old, but I'm usually more than willing to talk about it, since it is certainly an unusual thing that people are interested in. In this context, I opened up the floor to questions, so I'm super down to talk about it. Thanks!

Q: \- I joined the improv team in college because a friend of mine told me to, lol. I almost didn't go to the auditions because I had homework that night, but I ended up ditching the work for the comedy. After doing improv for a while, I found out about a stand-up competition, and I gave it a shot. I bombed miserably, but I had a blast, so I've kept with it! \- I have tried marijuana for the tics, but it usually makes me far more anxious than it helps. I haven't tried specifically medical marijuana though. I have been told to try CBD oil, or a strain with less of the head high. I'll look more into Pennsylvania's laws and see what my options are there. \- Most people don't ask me anything initially, but eventually they usually do. Sometimes it does get old, but I'm usually more than willing to talk about it, since it is certainly an unusual thing that people are interested in. In this context, I opened up the floor to questions, so I'm super down to talk about it. Thanks!
A: Hey bro. I see you're in Philly. If you snead into the Imagine Dragons show in Camden I'll buy you a beer.

Q: Hey bro. I see you're in Philly. If you snead into the Imagine Dragons show in Camden I'll buy you a beer.
A: Lol, hell yeah, what a kind offer