In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!

Q: I realize someone else already posted this, but I actually am Benny, so I figured I would be allowed to do so as well lol. I'll stick around to answer any questions about Tourette's and stuff. Surf's up! edit: Whoa!! This is rad. I'm answering all the comments and questions in the order they come in. Some people have asked for more info and website and stuff, you can find all that here: [Benny Website](https://bennyfeld.com) edit 2: Hot dog, I'm unable to keep up with all these questions & comments, I'm currently still only responding to stuff from like 3 hours ago lol. I will attempt to get to more of them slowly over time, but I might take a break for the time being. Thank you everyone for the kind words!
A: When you have a tic or multiple in a row does it ever feel like you have to fight it? If so does it help? I sort of imagine it like having a bad dream and mentally telling yourself to snap out of it, but I know tics are just involuntary movements or noises. I had a sound I made a lot as a child that was a tic which I remember being uncomfortable, but not until I focused on it or was made aware that I was doing it. You seem like you're very aware during your performance, but when you're not in front of an audience does it just become normal at that point and more of a slight nuance or not noticable at all? Also your sun joke was also my favorite! Great performance!

Q: When you have a tic or multiple in a row does it ever feel like you have to fight it? If so does it help? I sort of imagine it like having a bad dream and mentally telling yourself to snap out of it, but I know tics are just involuntary movements or noises. I had a sound I made a lot as a child that was a tic which I remember being uncomfortable, but not until I focused on it or was made aware that I was doing it. You seem like you're very aware during your performance, but when you're not in front of an audience does it just become normal at that point and more of a slight nuance or not noticable at all? Also your sun joke was also my favorite! Great performance!
A: I feel like I have to fight it when the sensation is strong and I am in a place or situation where I don't want to be having tics loudly or blatantly. The tics are like sudden bursts of the sensation that causes me to involuntarily move or make noise, and compulsions are like slower waves of the sensation. I can hold either of them, but they build up and eventually come crashing out. Good catch, it is significantly less intense when I am not on stage. I am a lot more excited and nervous when performing than when I am just hanging out otherwise. When I'm alone in my room, it's mostly just smaller compulsions, like a lot of facial twitches, with the occasional larger outburst. Thank you! That joke is also my roommate's favorite joke lol

Q: I feel like I have to fight it when the sensation is strong and I am in a place or situation where I don't want to be having tics loudly or blatantly. The tics are like sudden bursts of the sensation that causes me to involuntarily move or make noise, and compulsions are like slower waves of the sensation. I can hold either of them, but they build up and eventually come crashing out. Good catch, it is significantly less intense when I am not on stage. I am a lot more excited and nervous when performing than when I am just hanging out otherwise. When I'm alone in my room, it's mostly just smaller compulsions, like a lot of facial twitches, with the occasional larger outburst. Thank you! That joke is also my roommate's favorite joke lol
A: I know very little about tourettes other than that it can be funny at times and must be really annoying to have. But as you describe it as a sensation, can you feel it coming before it actually happens?

Q: I know very little about tourettes other than that it can be funny at times and must be really annoying to have. But as you describe it as a sensation, can you feel it coming before it actually happens?
A: Yes definitely, the tics (faster sudden movements) are more like a muscle spasm or tension, and the compulsions (slower, often repetitive) are a lot more like a strong desire or itch. I don't always feel the tic sensation if I'm not looking for it tbh, and they also happen very quickly

Q: Yes definitely, the tics (faster sudden movements) are more like a muscle spasm or tension, and the compulsions (slower, often repetitive) are a lot more like a strong desire or itch. I don't always feel the tic sensation if I'm not looking for it tbh, and they also happen very quickly
A: So the tics are kinda like localized hiccups? What is it about Tourette's that makes you say cuss-words? I get that you feel the compulsion to make noise, but is there are particular reason it's cuss-words? For example, if you grew up thinking "apple" was a bad word, would you shout apple? Sorry if that sounds insensitive, but I just need to know more.

Q: So the tics are kinda like localized hiccups? What is it about Tourette's that makes you say cuss-words? I get that you feel the compulsion to make noise, but is there are particular reason it's cuss-words? For example, if you grew up thinking "apple" was a bad word, would you shout apple? Sorry if that sounds insensitive, but I just need to know more.
A: I don't have it but I imagine it is similar to how you tend to yell obscenities at sudden pain.

Q: I don't have it but I imagine it is similar to how you tend to yell obscenities at sudden pain.
A: Yes exactly, except it's not actually painful, but I think it's a similar reaction