In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Hey Benny, I have a couple questions about Tourette’s that I wonder if you’d mind answering?

Q: Hey Benny, I have a couple questions about Tourette’s that I wonder if you’d mind answering?
A: For sure!

Q: For sure!
A: Awesome, thank you, and please forgive what may seem like incredible ignorance on my end for the questions that follow. I understand that the tics and cursing are completely involuntary, and that their intensity and expression vary from person to person, like how some people bark. What I’m curious about is whether there’s a moment of conscious thought that precedes the verbal stuff. Like, does your brain think, “Shit!” and then it just comes out, or is there a complete disconnect? And on that note, do you know if there are cases where people blurt out especially pleasant things? It seems that the tics people with Tourette’s have always contain a sort of “aggressive” element, whether that’s cursing or barking or whatever. Lastly, I don’t want to write something so base and cliché as saying you’re “brave” for getting up on stage with your condition, but it really does take some serious guts to not give a fuck, to know who you are and be cool with that, to expose aspects of yourself to the world that some may find uncomfortable. You’re rad

Q: Awesome, thank you, and please forgive what may seem like incredible ignorance on my end for the questions that follow. I understand that the tics and cursing are completely involuntary, and that their intensity and expression vary from person to person, like how some people bark. What I’m curious about is whether there’s a moment of conscious thought that precedes the verbal stuff. Like, does your brain think, “Shit!” and then it just comes out, or is there a complete disconnect? And on that note, do you know if there are cases where people blurt out especially pleasant things? It seems that the tics people with Tourette’s have always contain a sort of “aggressive” element, whether that’s cursing or barking or whatever. Lastly, I don’t want to write something so base and cliché as saying you’re “brave” for getting up on stage with your condition, but it really does take some serious guts to not give a fuck, to know who you are and be cool with that, to expose aspects of yourself to the world that some may find uncomfortable. You’re rad
A: No worries! For the tics, I have never once thought "Shit" and then said it, because those are pretty much always a very quick sudden burst. However, with compulsions (slower, more OCD based sensation), I will actively think "Holy fuck I really want to touch that thing over there with the heel of my foot." They are similar sensations, but the speed and intensity of it are different, where tics are like a sudden burst and compulsions are a wave. Not sure how pleasant this is, or if it is pleasant on purpose, but a British comedian named Jess Thom yells out "Biscuits." There might be an undercurrent of aggression for her as well, but I'm not sure. Thank you a ton! I really appreciate that. Right on and surf's up forever

Q: No worries! For the tics, I have never once thought "Shit" and then said it, because those are pretty much always a very quick sudden burst. However, with compulsions (slower, more OCD based sensation), I will actively think "Holy fuck I really want to touch that thing over there with the heel of my foot." They are similar sensations, but the speed and intensity of it are different, where tics are like a sudden burst and compulsions are a wave. Not sure how pleasant this is, or if it is pleasant on purpose, but a British comedian named Jess Thom yells out "Biscuits." There might be an undercurrent of aggression for her as well, but I'm not sure. Thank you a ton! I really appreciate that. Right on and surf's up forever
A: Dude you said somewhere else in here you're not connected to surf culture and you're a sham, but this comment you explain the compulsions are more like a wave. You're not a sham, you're just surfing different waves. I think a lot of us in this post miss Mitch Hedberg, and the fact that he's a inspiration to you and your set feels so similar to his style just means he's blessing you from the beyond. You're material is hilarious. I can't remember the last time I've laughed so hard at stand up. If you ever make it to Texas for a show, I'll be there. Keep the great jokes flowing and surfs up, bro!

Q: Dude you said somewhere else in here you're not connected to surf culture and you're a sham, but this comment you explain the compulsions are more like a wave. You're not a sham, you're just surfing different waves. I think a lot of us in this post miss Mitch Hedberg, and the fact that he's a inspiration to you and your set feels so similar to his style just means he's blessing you from the beyond. You're material is hilarious. I can't remember the last time I've laughed so hard at stand up. If you ever make it to Texas for a show, I'll be there. Keep the great jokes flowing and surfs up, bro!
A: Surf culture is a state of mind Surf's up forever Thank you, and I would love to do a show in Texas!