In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: This is awesome - My favorite part was the message in the bottle riff, funny how that part got more laughs than the punchline. Was that intentional? Either way keep it up. I noticed there were parts of your show where your ticks were less intense, does performing help with them? I know of a rapper named "Scroobius Pip" who has a serious stutter that disappears while he's rapping.

Q: This is awesome - My favorite part was the message in the bottle riff, funny how that part got more laughs than the punchline. Was that intentional? Either way keep it up. I noticed there were parts of your show where your ticks were less intense, does performing help with them? I know of a rapper named "Scroobius Pip" who has a serious stutter that disappears while he's rapping.
A: Thank you! The bottle riff was not intentional, that was just pure luck, but I do have some of the riffs semi planned. The thing is, certain tics have to happen before I can do the riffs. The Zelda noise one is actually one I have done before, and I only do that riff if I happen to have that specific noise tic while I'm on stage. Performing actually makes them worse! I am very nervous and full of adrenaline when I am performing, so the moments when it is less intense are when I start to feel more relaxed. Lol, I will look that rapper up, that's a funny name

Q: Thank you! The bottle riff was not intentional, that was just pure luck, but I do have some of the riffs semi planned. The thing is, certain tics have to happen before I can do the riffs. The Zelda noise one is actually one I have done before, and I only do that riff if I happen to have that specific noise tic while I'm on stage. Performing actually makes them worse! I am very nervous and full of adrenaline when I am performing, so the moments when it is less intense are when I start to feel more relaxed. Lol, I will look that rapper up, that's a funny name
A: [deleted]

Q: [deleted]
A: They definitely change over time, I would say it's usually longer though. A new word might crop up every several months, but the main words like "shit" and "fuck" and all them have been fairly consistent for a long time. Most of the things that change more frequently are body tics, those seem to crop up with new ones about once a month, if not more often. Some things come and go, and some things return after a while. Surf's up is not a tic actually, I can see why people thought that, that's just me saying a fun silly thing that I enjoy. Lol I hope in an apocalypse bunker somewhere eventually, they will have rows of food and water in their shelter, and then a dvd copy of my stand up Thanks!