In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I'm also throwing my support out there for you! I enjoyed that. I liked how the cursing sounded distant; I stupidly thought it was someone in the crowd the first couple times. I kinda wish you had a picture of the old Real Player buffering symbol glues to a stick, and just hold that up every time you get a tick that forces you to pause, but that's just my humor harkening back to looney tunes. Be careful, though. I've noticed that a lot of comedians who lean too heavily on their disability tend to not stick around real long. That Josh Blue guy (is that his name?) seemed to come and go so fast and I remember that almost every other joke somehow came back to self-deprecating humor about his disability. It got tiring, to me at least, after a while. I'm not trying to sound mean or be an armchair comedian, I'm just thinking out loud. And imagine me saying it all with a friendly smile like we met after a show. Good luck dude and keep up the good work!

Q: I'm also throwing my support out there for you! I enjoyed that. I liked how the cursing sounded distant; I stupidly thought it was someone in the crowd the first couple times. I kinda wish you had a picture of the old Real Player buffering symbol glues to a stick, and just hold that up every time you get a tick that forces you to pause, but that's just my humor harkening back to looney tunes. Be careful, though. I've noticed that a lot of comedians who lean too heavily on their disability tend to not stick around real long. That Josh Blue guy (is that his name?) seemed to come and go so fast and I remember that almost every other joke somehow came back to self-deprecating humor about his disability. It got tiring, to me at least, after a while. I'm not trying to sound mean or be an armchair comedian, I'm just thinking out loud. And imagine me saying it all with a friendly smile like we met after a show. Good luck dude and keep up the good work!
A: Thank you! I definitely feel that, I try not to lean on the Tourette's at all, that's good advice.