In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. When I tic, it's just the set buffering. - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Somewhere else in this thread you mentioned you'd love to tour around with your set a little more. Would you tour with your 10-15 opening for other comedians? Or keep building a longer set and try headlining for a small tour? Would it be financially do-able at this point in your career? If you dont mind, i'm curious how much money you can make per set? I've been a fan of yours since your last video, and am curious as to what you feel needs to happen to grow your career! Thanks!

Q: Somewhere else in this thread you mentioned you'd love to tour around with your set a little more. Would you tour with your 10-15 opening for other comedians? Or keep building a longer set and try headlining for a small tour? Would it be financially do-able at this point in your career? If you dont mind, i'm curious how much money you can make per set? I've been a fan of yours since your last video, and am curious as to what you feel needs to happen to grow your career! Thanks!
A: I would absolutely do so, the trouble is that I would need a touring headliner comedian to ask me to do that for them. I don't think it would be financially viable to try to headline currently, since I'm not sure I have enough exposure to get people to come out, but hopefully that wouldn't be too far down the road. The amount of money per set really depends on a ton of factors, including tickets sold, venue size, name, location, etc. I think my main path currently would hopefully be for online exposure to help get me work writing for TV, which would be a way to do comedy for a living, while working on stand-up on the side. That's very supportive of you to ask that by the way, thank you!

Q: I would absolutely do so, the trouble is that I would need a touring headliner comedian to ask me to do that for them. I don't think it would be financially viable to try to headline currently, since I'm not sure I have enough exposure to get people to come out, but hopefully that wouldn't be too far down the road. The amount of money per set really depends on a ton of factors, including tickets sold, venue size, name, location, etc. I think my main path currently would hopefully be for online exposure to help get me work writing for TV, which would be a way to do comedy for a living, while working on stand-up on the side. That's very supportive of you to ask that by the way, thank you!
A: Of course man! I'm on a similar grind as a musician, so am pretty sympathetic to the struggle. We're doing our first tour this August and will likely lose money, or at best break even-but we're looking at it as a promotional cost. We'll hopefully get some extra press, maybe local radio play, etc. Obviously its different than comedy, but I hope you get to do more of that soon! Surf's Up!

Q: Of course man! I'm on a similar grind as a musician, so am pretty sympathetic to the struggle. We're doing our first tour this August and will likely lose money, or at best break even-but we're looking at it as a promotional cost. We'll hopefully get some extra press, maybe local radio play, etc. Obviously its different than comedy, but I hope you get to do more of that soon! Surf's Up!
A: Right on, best of luck in that! I probably like music more than most comedy lol