In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Are your tics that constant, or does being on-stage and being anxious/nervous have something to do with it? I don't know much about Tourettes, so this is an honest question.

Q: Are your tics that constant, or does being on-stage and being anxious/nervous have something to do with it? I don't know much about Tourettes, so this is an honest question.
A: Definitely being on-stage and being anxious/nervous make it a lot worse, I'm usually fairly calm just at home, doing work, or just like playing a video game. Seems like something to do with changes in emotion, or blood flow. If I get suddenly embarrassed, I'll usually have a big outburst, or if I have too much sugar or caffeine, it will be a whole big thing for a while. I did that today lol, I had an extra coffee and then was pretty much just repeatedly doing the slapping myself thing for a solid 35 minutes.

Q: Definitely being on-stage and being anxious/nervous make it a lot worse, I'm usually fairly calm just at home, doing work, or just like playing a video game. Seems like something to do with changes in emotion, or blood flow. If I get suddenly embarrassed, I'll usually have a big outburst, or if I have too much sugar or caffeine, it will be a whole big thing for a while. I did that today lol, I had an extra coffee and then was pretty much just repeatedly doing the slapping myself thing for a solid 35 minutes.
A: That’s interesting, and makes sense, thanks for the reply. Your act is funny, and the bobble head joke you made in the comments here actually made me breathe air out my nose a little more quickly than usual, and I don’t really laugh at much, so that’s a big deal to me. You do a good job of moving through it in your act. So the “shit motherfucker” tic, is that a conscious choice to use those words in particular? I remember when “Tourette’s Guy” had those YouTube videos and a lot of people said that the whole “uncontrollable swearing” from people with Tourette’s is kind of a meme, and isn’t really that common of a tic. I guess what I’m asking is, are those words always the ones that you say in tics? Or does it change to other words? And did you “choose” those words? Like I said I really don’t know much about Tourette’s so I’m not trying to be rude or anything I’m just interested. I have read about it but never had to opportunity to talk to anyone who actually has it. (Edit: you don’t have to talk about it either if you don’t want to, sorry, I know that’s not really why you posted the video and I’m not trying to take away from your comedy video, I’m just genuinely interested.)

Q: That’s interesting, and makes sense, thanks for the reply. Your act is funny, and the bobble head joke you made in the comments here actually made me breathe air out my nose a little more quickly than usual, and I don’t really laugh at much, so that’s a big deal to me. You do a good job of moving through it in your act. So the “shit motherfucker” tic, is that a conscious choice to use those words in particular? I remember when “Tourette’s Guy” had those YouTube videos and a lot of people said that the whole “uncontrollable swearing” from people with Tourette’s is kind of a meme, and isn’t really that common of a tic. I guess what I’m asking is, are those words always the ones that you say in tics? Or does it change to other words? And did you “choose” those words? Like I said I really don’t know much about Tourette’s so I’m not trying to be rude or anything I’m just interested. I have read about it but never had to opportunity to talk to anyone who actually has it. (Edit: you don’t have to talk about it either if you don’t want to, sorry, I know that’s not really why you posted the video and I’m not trying to take away from your comedy video, I’m just genuinely interested.)
A: Surf's up, I appreciate the interest! Feel free to ask whatever. The shit motherfucker is not a conscious choice. Those people were right, it isn't very common. Only like 10% of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, which is called Coprolalia, and that basically translates from Greek to "feces speech" from what I understand lol. I don't always say those words, but shit, fuck, and motherfucker are definitely my most common curses. I also say asshole pretty frequently as well, but my main tics are like the bodily movements and clicking noise. Also, very recently, I've been having this new tic where I just sort of speak like gibberish German or Dutch, and it's super funny, but also not cursing (as far as I know lol).

Q: Surf's up, I appreciate the interest! Feel free to ask whatever. The shit motherfucker is not a conscious choice. Those people were right, it isn't very common. Only like 10% of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, which is called Coprolalia, and that basically translates from Greek to "feces speech" from what I understand lol. I don't always say those words, but shit, fuck, and motherfucker are definitely my most common curses. I also say asshole pretty frequently as well, but my main tics are like the bodily movements and clicking noise. Also, very recently, I've been having this new tic where I just sort of speak like gibberish German or Dutch, and it's super funny, but also not cursing (as far as I know lol).
A: Thanks for the education man. Your act is good because you work the Tourette’s tics into it in a funny way, but your jokes are also funny aside from it, and not dependent on it. A lot of comics with “disabilities” kind of rely really heavy on them, which is only funny for so long. Yours is a good mix. Take care man.

Q: Thanks for the education man. Your act is good because you work the Tourette’s tics into it in a funny way, but your jokes are also funny aside from it, and not dependent on it. A lot of comics with “disabilities” kind of rely really heavy on them, which is only funny for so long. Yours is a good mix. Take care man.
A: Glad you were into it!! You take care as well