In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)

Q: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)
A: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs

Q: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs
A: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af

Q: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af
A: Yeah definitely, I usually use the blinking comparison. Most of the time when you blink, it's just sort of automatic, but you CAN hold it. When you do hold it, you feel like you really need to blink, so then afterwards you have to blink a whole bunch. Glad you liked the goat joke so much lol, I should do a whole set of just dirty material