In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Honestly, I can see this going places. Keep working on the material and I think the rest will fall in place naturally. Do you have a YouTube channel? I definitely want to watch the progress.

Q: Honestly, I can see this going places. Keep working on the material and I think the rest will fall in place naturally. Do you have a YouTube channel? I definitely want to watch the progress.
A: Thank you!! That's very kind, I'm working on it. The video is on my channel, which is just ol' [Benny Feldman](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and I got two other videos on there as well. I actually previously posted both of them to Reddit, one a year ago, and the other 2 years ago.

Q: Thank you!! That's very kind, I'm working on it. The video is on my channel, which is just ol' [Benny Feldman](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and I got two other videos on there as well. I actually previously posted both of them to Reddit, one a year ago, and the other 2 years ago.
A: Keep posting man! You got the gimmick you just need to sell it!

Q: Keep posting man! You got the gimmick you just need to sell it!
A: Thank you!! If anybody would like to buy some tics, I got plenty

Q: Thank you!! If anybody would like to buy some tics, I got plenty
A: Where do you perform?

Q: Where do you perform?
A: I live in Philadelphia, so I mostly do shows at the clubs or bars around the city. The place I do the most actual shows is probably Good Good Comedy Theatre, but the place I do my jokes the most often is alone to myself in the shower

Q: I live in Philadelphia, so I mostly do shows at the clubs or bars around the city. The place I do the most actual shows is probably Good Good Comedy Theatre, but the place I do my jokes the most often is alone to myself in the shower
A: If you ever find yourself in Phoenix make sure to let me know because I'll make sure the whole crew shows up!

Q: If you ever find yourself in Phoenix make sure to let me know because I'll make sure the whole crew shows up!
A: Hell yeah, I'd love to hit the road at some point, I'll absolutely try to swing through Phoenix!