In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: These might be some of my favourite one liners since Hedburg. That flirting with goats one had me in tears.

Q: These might be some of my favourite one liners since Hedburg. That flirting with goats one had me in tears.
A: Thank you!! He's my favorite comedian. Goat joke in particular though is definitely more influenced by Norm MacDonald, lol

Q: Thank you!! He's my favorite comedian. Goat joke in particular though is definitely more influenced by Norm MacDonald, lol
A: Oh shit its you! Great set man, consider me your latest fan. Ah yes, Norm MacDonald. Another one of the wise greats haha

Q: Oh shit its you! Great set man, consider me your latest fan. Ah yes, Norm MacDonald. Another one of the wise greats haha
A: Some people say the Mecca of comedy is New York City, I say the Mecca of comedy is Norm MacDonald late night interview clips on youtube

Q: Some people say the Mecca of comedy is New York City, I say the Mecca of comedy is Norm MacDonald late night interview clips on youtube
A: Norm and Mitch... I can definitely see both in you. Keep doing what you’re doing Benny, those guys are my favorites and I thought you were awesome. Keep killing it, dude. It’s all about the jokes, and you have fuckin’ jokes man. Some people are just “funny,” funny storytellers, funny people. Some people are joke architects, like you and Norm and Mitch. Keep building fucking jokes, you’re too good at it not to.

Q: Norm and Mitch... I can definitely see both in you. Keep doing what you’re doing Benny, those guys are my favorites and I thought you were awesome. Keep killing it, dude. It’s all about the jokes, and you have fuckin’ jokes man. Some people are just “funny,” funny storytellers, funny people. Some people are joke architects, like you and Norm and Mitch. Keep building fucking jokes, you’re too good at it not to.
A: I love joke architecture, someday I hope to live in a joke house! Maybe a bouncy house?