In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: This guy is so lucky he doesn't have racist/sexist tics

Q: This guy is so lucky he doesn't have racist/sexist tics
A: I agree!! The worst one I have fairly often is the slur against lgbt+ people.

Q: I agree!! The worst one I have fairly often is the slur against lgbt+ people.
A: out of curiosity, do you ever drop that in public and have to go into defense/apology mode? are people generally sympathetic or do you get a lot of shit for the things you say and can't control? i'd like to think people just go "oh, you have tourettes," but i wonder if that's giving people too much credit.

Q: out of curiosity, do you ever drop that in public and have to go into defense/apology mode? are people generally sympathetic or do you get a lot of shit for the things you say and can't control? i'd like to think people just go "oh, you have tourettes," but i wonder if that's giving people too much credit.
A: I have dropped it in public, but only a few times has it been like a clear surprise to strangers. Luckily though, since that is one of the stronger tics, I'm usually already in *The Tic Zone*, so people can clearly tell that something is wrong with me. Oddly enough, if I just shout like "Fuck" or "Shit," people don't seem to care even slightly lol, unless it's very loud.

Q: I have dropped it in public, but only a few times has it been like a clear surprise to strangers. Luckily though, since that is one of the stronger tics, I'm usually already in *The Tic Zone*, so people can clearly tell that something is wrong with me. Oddly enough, if I just shout like "Fuck" or "Shit," people don't seem to care even slightly lol, unless it's very loud.
A: so you're saying i can just start shouting "fuck" and "shit" whenever?

Q: so you're saying i can just start shouting "fuck" and "shit" whenever?
A: I give you full permission, and even encourage it!