In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)

Q: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)
A: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs

Q: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs
A: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af

Q: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af
A: Yeah definitely, I usually use the blinking comparison. Most of the time when you blink, it's just sort of automatic, but you CAN hold it. When you do hold it, you feel like you really need to blink, so then afterwards you have to blink a whole bunch. Glad you liked the goat joke so much lol, I should do a whole set of just dirty material

Q: Yeah definitely, I usually use the blinking comparison. Most of the time when you blink, it's just sort of automatic, but you CAN hold it. When you do hold it, you feel like you really need to blink, so then afterwards you have to blink a whole bunch. Glad you liked the goat joke so much lol, I should do a whole set of just dirty material
A: Just curious, how long could you theoretically hold it? And what exactly is the experience when you do hold it off? Like with blinking you get pain in your eyes - is their pain somewhere if you hold the ticks off?

Q: Just curious, how long could you theoretically hold it? And what exactly is the experience when you do hold it off? Like with blinking you get pain in your eyes - is their pain somewhere if you hold the ticks off?
A: That's interesting, I've actually never timed it out. When it's less active, I can go for like a fairly long time, up to an hour even, before I have a larger tic. When it's stronger though, like on stage, I could probably hold it for about a minute before bursting out. Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics.

Q: That's interesting, I've actually never timed it out. When it's less active, I can go for like a fairly long time, up to an hour even, before I have a larger tic. When it's stronger though, like on stage, I could probably hold it for about a minute before bursting out. Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics.
A: > Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. People with ADHD (myself included) often experience the same sensation when being required to sit still or suppress an urge to fidget. It's a very uncomfortable feeling of agitated tension and the longer you attempt to hold it at bay, the more it starts to consume your mental energy until thinking about or concentrating on anything else becomes almost impossible and you have to satisfy the urge. ADHD is very commonly co-morbid with tourettes, so it's perhaps not surprising that the sensations are common to both. >Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics. If I need to sit in an important meeting for a long period of time I'll find ways to surreptitiously fidget as much as possible, to curtail the need to get up and walk around, but it's never quite satisfying to that urge and the end of the meeting comes as a blessed relief.

Q: > Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. People with ADHD (myself included) often experience the same sensation when being required to sit still or suppress an urge to fidget. It's a very uncomfortable feeling of agitated tension and the longer you attempt to hold it at bay, the more it starts to consume your mental energy until thinking about or concentrating on anything else becomes almost impossible and you have to satisfy the urge. ADHD is very commonly co-morbid with tourettes, so it's perhaps not surprising that the sensations are common to both. >Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics. If I need to sit in an important meeting for a long period of time I'll find ways to surreptitiously fidget as much as possible, to curtail the need to get up and walk around, but it's never quite satisfying to that urge and the end of the meeting comes as a blessed relief.
A: Yes absolutely! Thank you for this further explanation. I actually do also have ADHD and OCD along with the Tourette's, and they all sort of manifest and blend together in interesting ways. Great examples!