In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)

Q: expected the ticks to distract a lot from the jokes at the start, but it was actually pretty good, and I like how you worked some of the ticks into the humour ("two huh's" etc.)
A: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs

Q: Thank you!! I'm glad it wasn't distracting, I'm able to basically hold most of the tension of the tics while telling a joke, and then release it between, so I get into a sort of back & forth rhythm with it. There's a few specific like tic types that I have very often, so I end up doing a lot of the same or similar riffs
A: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af

Q: Yeah I noticed when you speak for longer then the tick afterwards is more extreme. I guess it's sort of like a sneeze? - longer you hold it in, bigger the sneeze. Best jokes for me were definitely the Radcliffe and goat ones btw. Goat one stood out from the rest and was funny af
A: Yeah definitely, I usually use the blinking comparison. Most of the time when you blink, it's just sort of automatic, but you CAN hold it. When you do hold it, you feel like you really need to blink, so then afterwards you have to blink a whole bunch. Glad you liked the goat joke so much lol, I should do a whole set of just dirty material

Q: Yeah definitely, I usually use the blinking comparison. Most of the time when you blink, it's just sort of automatic, but you CAN hold it. When you do hold it, you feel like you really need to blink, so then afterwards you have to blink a whole bunch. Glad you liked the goat joke so much lol, I should do a whole set of just dirty material
A: Just curious, how long could you theoretically hold it? And what exactly is the experience when you do hold it off? Like with blinking you get pain in your eyes - is their pain somewhere if you hold the ticks off?

Q: Just curious, how long could you theoretically hold it? And what exactly is the experience when you do hold it off? Like with blinking you get pain in your eyes - is their pain somewhere if you hold the ticks off?
A: That's interesting, I've actually never timed it out. When it's less active, I can go for like a fairly long time, up to an hour even, before I have a larger tic. When it's stronger though, like on stage, I could probably hold it for about a minute before bursting out. Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics.

Q: That's interesting, I've actually never timed it out. When it's less active, I can go for like a fairly long time, up to an hour even, before I have a larger tic. When it's stronger though, like on stage, I could probably hold it for about a minute before bursting out. Holding feels like a very specific weird tension that's hard to describe, I suppose like having an itch, but not specifically painful and more like frustrating, if that makes sense. Agitating? You know when you have too much sugar and you get sort of agitated, I feel like it can be like that. Usually when I hold it, like on the train or something, I mostly actually just hold back the vocal tics and essentially go into vibrate mode. I'm not fully holding it back, just sort of redirecting the tics.
A: What about meditation? I realize you will most likely just slip right back. But won't your ability to hold it increase overtime. Is it a wise thing to do? To try to learn to control it? Is is controlable? What if you tried to do someghing physical instead of cursing? Like punching a wall, does that help?

Q: What about meditation? I realize you will most likely just slip right back. But won't your ability to hold it increase overtime. Is it a wise thing to do? To try to learn to control it? Is is controlable? What if you tried to do someghing physical instead of cursing? Like punching a wall, does that help?
A: For me personally, meditation and trying to get calm is actually very helpful for controlling it! Deep breaths, or sitting and doing nothing can help relax my body and soothe the tics. I do try to have control over them, and I do have relative control. You're right on the idea there, I absolutely try to essentially refocus the tics from being large curse outbursts to be physical when I need to. For some reason though, refocusing them can make me do it more, or basically not perfectly release the tension, so I end up having to do it more. If I try very hard to have minimal tics, I basically end up shaking my wrist relentlessly lol. I'm guessing you are joking with the punching a wall part, but just to actually answer, that would specifically be a big tic that I would try to avoid! edit: spellin da word "breathes"