In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Great stuff! Very smart of you to go the one liner route with your comedy. It really ends up working with your Tourette's, especially the way you're able to mesh them together. A few of questions if I may. (And not that this matters, but I'm the father of a child with a tic disorder) Do you have a few standard interjections you use with some of your more common verbal tics stored in your back pocket, or is it all off the cuff? (The UTI bit as a for instance.) Do you ever purposefully give to a tic, or even steer into one a little because you have something that it will play into as part of the routine? (Kind of ties into the first question.) Do you focus mainly on shorter sets, like this, or do you do longer sets as well? (The set was great, but my appetite was just getting whetted.) Finally, who are some current comedians you'd like to do a show with?

Q: Great stuff! Very smart of you to go the one liner route with your comedy. It really ends up working with your Tourette's, especially the way you're able to mesh them together. A few of questions if I may. (And not that this matters, but I'm the father of a child with a tic disorder) Do you have a few standard interjections you use with some of your more common verbal tics stored in your back pocket, or is it all off the cuff? (The UTI bit as a for instance.) Do you ever purposefully give to a tic, or even steer into one a little because you have something that it will play into as part of the routine? (Kind of ties into the first question.) Do you focus mainly on shorter sets, like this, or do you do longer sets as well? (The set was great, but my appetite was just getting whetted.) Finally, who are some current comedians you'd like to do a show with?
A: Thank you!! That's very kind, tell your child I said, "Surf's up forever" Exactly right about the riffs, some of them are basically stock lines that I use when I have specific tics, and some of them are off the cuff. The UTI bit is one I've done a bunch of times, and I basically have to hope that I have the right tic in order to do it, in that case some version of "Shit Fuck" or "Fucking shit." Luckily for that riff, that's a fairly frequent tic variation I have. That should also sort of answer the second question. I do not lean into or steer into any tic in particular to get a riff out, but I have previously, especially to try material. It just feels dishonest, and I feel like there's already concern about the reality of it to begin with. A lot of people already seem to think Tourette's is completely fake. (Now that I've said that though, I'm also thinking that I might lean into the right ones still, but subconsciously. I'ma think more about this lol) I focus almost exclusively on the jokes themselves, and then turn to build a set of whatever length by combining however many jokes I need to fill that time. It's basically not terribly different for me to work on five minutes or 10 minutes, I pretty much just need double the jokes. I'd love to film some longer sets in the future though! Currently, I'd love to work with Joe Pera or Julio Torres!