In subreddit: videos

Title: I am a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. What's a bigger disability, the Tourette's or the mustache?

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: So I had to watch everything on your YouTube channel real quick. I love your comedy. I know somebody already mentioned how much like Mitch hedberg you are but I just wanted to point out his stage fright. Somebody told me that's why he wore the big glasses but I didn't really get it until I saw a video one of his uncut sets where he spent the first 10-20 minutes of his set hiding from the camera guy and chilling with people in the front row. I also heard you say you don't want to just be known as the Tourette's comic but your Tourette's jokes usually land the most laughs because they are so personal and sincere plus people are bad with names and Bennny Fieldman is a little forgettable but "shit motherfucher louige" is memorable as fuck. If I were you I would definitely keep that mustache and always lead with that joke or some form of it. Also your merchandise sells itself. I already want a t-shirt with your face on it and the words shit motherfucker. If anyone calls the shirt offensive I can just be like its cool he has Tourette's. Also your one liners are fire.

Q: So I had to watch everything on your YouTube channel real quick. I love your comedy. I know somebody already mentioned how much like Mitch hedberg you are but I just wanted to point out his stage fright. Somebody told me that's why he wore the big glasses but I didn't really get it until I saw a video one of his uncut sets where he spent the first 10-20 minutes of his set hiding from the camera guy and chilling with people in the front row. I also heard you say you don't want to just be known as the Tourette's comic but your Tourette's jokes usually land the most laughs because they are so personal and sincere plus people are bad with names and Bennny Fieldman is a little forgettable but "shit motherfucher louige" is memorable as fuck. If I were you I would definitely keep that mustache and always lead with that joke or some form of it. Also your merchandise sells itself. I already want a t-shirt with your face on it and the words shit motherfucker. If anyone calls the shirt offensive I can just be like its cool he has Tourette's. Also your one liners are fire.
A: Thank you!! That's very kind, I really appreciate that you watched all the videos. I'm definitely curious to see what I could get away with putting on a shirt! Maybe one with Luigi flirting with a goat ?