In subreddit: StandUpComedy

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I love how you've taken your condition and created a style of comedy that works well with it. I can see how long form stories would be more difficult, but these one liners are perfect. The hairless peanut butter bit had me absolutely dying. I love comedy and i find it difficult to discover comedians with original and funny bits, and you had me rolling my dude. I can't wait to see where you go from here.

Q: I love how you've taken your condition and created a style of comedy that works well with it. I can see how long form stories would be more difficult, but these one liners are perfect. The hairless peanut butter bit had me absolutely dying. I love comedy and i find it difficult to discover comedians with original and funny bits, and you had me rolling my dude. I can't wait to see where you go from here.
A: Thank you!! That's very kind, I appreciate that. I've been trying to figure out if there's a way I could do a long form story, but it would definitely have to be allowed to be choppy lmao

Q: Thank you!! That's very kind, I appreciate that. I've been trying to figure out if there's a way I could do a long form story, but it would definitely have to be allowed to be choppy lmao
A: Steven Wright, Jimmy Carr, and Demetri Martin have all build careers on the one liners, you could certainly do it too. PS do you like Mitch Hedberg? I've never laughed even once at any of his jokes, can't seem to get the appeal.

Q: Steven Wright, Jimmy Carr, and Demetri Martin have all build careers on the one liners, you could certainly do it too. PS do you like Mitch Hedberg? I've never laughed even once at any of his jokes, can't seem to get the appeal.
A: I do love Mitch Hedberg, he's actually my favorite! Very interesting that you don't. His appeal is hard to explain I suppose, I think I honestly like how kind he seems. All of those other guys are great too. If you're looking for more one-liners, also check out Dan Mintz