In subreddit: StandUpComedy

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I love how you've taken your condition and created a style of comedy that works well with it. I can see how long form stories would be more difficult, but these one liners are perfect. The hairless peanut butter bit had me absolutely dying. I love comedy and i find it difficult to discover comedians with original and funny bits, and you had me rolling my dude. I can't wait to see where you go from here.

Q: I love how you've taken your condition and created a style of comedy that works well with it. I can see how long form stories would be more difficult, but these one liners are perfect. The hairless peanut butter bit had me absolutely dying. I love comedy and i find it difficult to discover comedians with original and funny bits, and you had me rolling my dude. I can't wait to see where you go from here.
A: Thank you!! That's very kind, I appreciate that. I've been trying to figure out if there's a way I could do a long form story, but it would definitely have to be allowed to be choppy lmao

Q: Thank you!! That's very kind, I appreciate that. I've been trying to figure out if there's a way I could do a long form story, but it would definitely have to be allowed to be choppy lmao
A: I’d love to see you tell an really long antijoke, like norm McDonald’s moth joke.

Q: I’d love to see you tell an really long antijoke, like norm McDonald’s moth joke.
A: Well, so I had actually been married for a few years to this gal. Honestly, things were going great for a good while, but then over time I began to feel like she was growing more distant, like we were growing apart. I thought maybe she was hiding something from me, you know, like she was spending all this time on the computer. I wanted to know what she was up to, you know, and one day when she left the computer open, I just took a quick glance. She had open a bunch of tabs of Furry art twitter accounts, and was in like Furry fetish subreddits. Certainly not in my wheel house, you know, but I mean she was my wife, so I did my own research. Turned out, there was a Furry convention coming to town in like a week or so. So, I got this big friendly parrot costume and I went. Honestly, I was having a blast. I really felt like I was connecting with the whole idea, I completely understood the appeal. I even made some new friends. I just got so caught up in the whole idea, I ended up going back to a hotel with a group of them. And you know, of course, before long things started getting hot and heavy. Next to me was someone in a seahorse costume making out with what looked like probably a specific creature from a TV show. On the floor was a lynx, a fox, and also a cat. And there I was, a big friendly parrot, just going to town with some dog. The dog was giving me strong vibes, we just had great chemistry. We just were going to town, and right in the heat of passion, wouldn't you know it, the dog's head rolled off. Absolutely stunned, I yelled, "By god - that's not a Rottweiler! That's my wife!"

Q: Well, so I had actually been married for a few years to this gal. Honestly, things were going great for a good while, but then over time I began to feel like she was growing more distant, like we were growing apart. I thought maybe she was hiding something from me, you know, like she was spending all this time on the computer. I wanted to know what she was up to, you know, and one day when she left the computer open, I just took a quick glance. She had open a bunch of tabs of Furry art twitter accounts, and was in like Furry fetish subreddits. Certainly not in my wheel house, you know, but I mean she was my wife, so I did my own research. Turned out, there was a Furry convention coming to town in like a week or so. So, I got this big friendly parrot costume and I went. Honestly, I was having a blast. I really felt like I was connecting with the whole idea, I completely understood the appeal. I even made some new friends. I just got so caught up in the whole idea, I ended up going back to a hotel with a group of them. And you know, of course, before long things started getting hot and heavy. Next to me was someone in a seahorse costume making out with what looked like probably a specific creature from a TV show. On the floor was a lynx, a fox, and also a cat. And there I was, a big friendly parrot, just going to town with some dog. The dog was giving me strong vibes, we just had great chemistry. We just were going to town, and right in the heat of passion, wouldn't you know it, the dog's head rolled off. Absolutely stunned, I yelled, "By god - that's not a Rottweiler! That's my wife!"
A: Is that actually a Norm joke? Because the punchline is so stupid and so amazing at the same time. Something Norm would definitely say.

Q: Is that actually a Norm joke? Because the punchline is so stupid and so amazing at the same time. Something Norm would definitely say.
A: Nope lol, that's a bit I was working on in the style of Norm's late night shaggy dog jokes. Glad you liked it!