In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: Good show, keep on writing man. My question, how do you get such a close shave with that tick without cutting yourself? Sweet mustache.

Q: Good show, keep on writing man. My question, how do you get such a close shave with that tick without cutting yourself? Sweet mustache.
A: Thank you!! Great question, the answer is two-fold. Basically, I have way fewer tics when I'm relatively calm, and shaving is not really an anxiety inducing situation. Sometimes I have a much harder time getting a haircut, because that's a social situation and the tics flare up. When the tics flare up then too, it can be awkward, and so then I'll have more tics in a vicious cycle lol. The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to, so I'm usually able to wait until I've pulled the razor away, or more commonly, until the barber is not actively cutting my hair.

Q: Thank you!! Great question, the answer is two-fold. Basically, I have way fewer tics when I'm relatively calm, and shaving is not really an anxiety inducing situation. Sometimes I have a much harder time getting a haircut, because that's a social situation and the tics flare up. When the tics flare up then too, it can be awkward, and so then I'll have more tics in a vicious cycle lol. The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to, so I'm usually able to wait until I've pulled the razor away, or more commonly, until the barber is not actively cutting my hair.
A: Yeah I guess Tourette's must be terribly frustrating. You have ticks when you are anxious, and ticking makes you anxious, what a viscous cycle, compounded by having had a childhood with kids who no doubt don't understand and probably being naturally unsocial because of it to begin adulthood with. You mentioned elsewhere trying medical marijuana, I'd say go for it. Had a friend with Tourette's like 15 years ago in college and weed helped him (though wasn't a cure).

Q: Yeah I guess Tourette's must be terribly frustrating. You have ticks when you are anxious, and ticking makes you anxious, what a viscous cycle, compounded by having had a childhood with kids who no doubt don't understand and probably being naturally unsocial because of it to begin adulthood with. You mentioned elsewhere trying medical marijuana, I'd say go for it. Had a friend with Tourette's like 15 years ago in college and weed helped him (though wasn't a cure).
A: Well, full disclosure though, my tics were not as severe when I was younger, so I had a fairly normal childhood from that angle. I had milder tics starting when I was like 7 or so, but they were just like simple head twitches and humming, and I wasn't even diagnosed with Tourette's then. Around when I was 21 is when I started to develop the cursing tics and stronger body movements. As for the medical marijuana, I think that's definitely a next step! I'm thinking of getting more into CBD oil to start, just because the medical license off the bat is like 200 dollars. I've tried a few of the CBD gummies and stuff, but I don't think their dose was high enough to really make a difference. Glad the weed helped your friend though!!

Q: Well, full disclosure though, my tics were not as severe when I was younger, so I had a fairly normal childhood from that angle. I had milder tics starting when I was like 7 or so, but they were just like simple head twitches and humming, and I wasn't even diagnosed with Tourette's then. Around when I was 21 is when I started to develop the cursing tics and stronger body movements. As for the medical marijuana, I think that's definitely a next step! I'm thinking of getting more into CBD oil to start, just because the medical license off the bat is like 200 dollars. I've tried a few of the CBD gummies and stuff, but I don't think their dose was high enough to really make a difference. Glad the weed helped your friend though!!
A: I didn't know it can develop late in life. Any idea what causes that?

Q: I didn't know it can develop late in life. Any idea what causes that?
A: In my case, it seems like there's a solid chance of it being unusual genetics, since my cousin also developed tourette's at the age of 17/18. Generally, when it shows up this late, it's technically considered Adult Onset Tic Disorder. For a while, I thought it may have been drug induced in some fashion by psychedelics, but that was entirely speculation, and seems less likely now that my cousin has TS as well.