In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Can you elaborate on the specific choice of words in your ticks? Are they words that you involuntarily pronounce? I’ve assumed that because it’s an involuntary tick that makes some words just kinda flow, but is there anything special about “shit motherfucker” over say “cumbucket trashdick” ? Does “shit motherfucker” have a personal, or specific, appeal? Also do you ever get scared to pick your nose?

Q: Can you elaborate on the specific choice of words in your ticks? Are they words that you involuntarily pronounce? I’ve assumed that because it’s an involuntary tick that makes some words just kinda flow, but is there anything special about “shit motherfucker” over say “cumbucket trashdick” ? Does “shit motherfucker” have a personal, or specific, appeal? Also do you ever get scared to pick your nose?
A: Great question, and for sure, there are definitely particular words that sort of scratch the itch in a very particular way, if that makes sense. A good way to relate to it is when you stub your toe, you don't go "Hello yes good day," you go "Fucking shit fuck." I think it's a similar part of the brain being activated. Some people though are able to redirect that and say other words, like when you stub your toe and try not to curse. That mental sensation (not including the pain of the toe) is sort of what it feels like when I try to hold it in, or redirect it. I'm not sure why those are my words in particular, but for some reason Shit, Fuck, Motherfucker, and Ass are my main vocal tics besides the clicking noise. (maybe that's a curse in a different language? lol) As for picking my nose, I do not get scared and if anything, am too brazen! Lol, I haven't had any issues besides the usual tics there, but I can usually feel them coming ahead of time. The biggest face issue is when I am wearing glasses, I will tend to accidentally shake them off my head.