In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Can you elaborate on the specific choice of words in your ticks? Are they words that you involuntarily pronounce? I’ve assumed that because it’s an involuntary tick that makes some words just kinda flow, but is there anything special about “shit motherfucker” over say “cumbucket trashdick” ? Does “shit motherfucker” have a personal, or specific, appeal? Also do you ever get scared to pick your nose?

Q: Can you elaborate on the specific choice of words in your ticks? Are they words that you involuntarily pronounce? I’ve assumed that because it’s an involuntary tick that makes some words just kinda flow, but is there anything special about “shit motherfucker” over say “cumbucket trashdick” ? Does “shit motherfucker” have a personal, or specific, appeal? Also do you ever get scared to pick your nose?
A: Great question, and for sure, there are definitely particular words that sort of scratch the itch in a very particular way, if that makes sense. A good way to relate to it is when you stub your toe, you don't go "Hello yes good day," you go "Fucking shit fuck." I think it's a similar part of the brain being activated. Some people though are able to redirect that and say other words, like when you stub your toe and try not to curse. That mental sensation (not including the pain of the toe) is sort of what it feels like when I try to hold it in, or redirect it. I'm not sure why those are my words in particular, but for some reason Shit, Fuck, Motherfucker, and Ass are my main vocal tics besides the clicking noise. (maybe that's a curse in a different language? lol) As for picking my nose, I do not get scared and if anything, am too brazen! Lol, I haven't had any issues besides the usual tics there, but I can usually feel them coming ahead of time. The biggest face issue is when I am wearing glasses, I will tend to accidentally shake them off my head.

Q: Great question, and for sure, there are definitely particular words that sort of scratch the itch in a very particular way, if that makes sense. A good way to relate to it is when you stub your toe, you don't go "Hello yes good day," you go "Fucking shit fuck." I think it's a similar part of the brain being activated. Some people though are able to redirect that and say other words, like when you stub your toe and try not to curse. That mental sensation (not including the pain of the toe) is sort of what it feels like when I try to hold it in, or redirect it. I'm not sure why those are my words in particular, but for some reason Shit, Fuck, Motherfucker, and Ass are my main vocal tics besides the clicking noise. (maybe that's a curse in a different language? lol) As for picking my nose, I do not get scared and if anything, am too brazen! Lol, I haven't had any issues besides the usual tics there, but I can usually feel them coming ahead of time. The biggest face issue is when I am wearing glasses, I will tend to accidentally shake them off my head.
A: Thanks for the explanation! That nervous tick you express with words aloud is honestly close to how my inner monologue expresses anxiety internally! Like not having a mute switch for internal anxieties haha, talk about wearing your heart on your sleeve lol. Ever think about wearing glasses near cute girls and “accidentally” shake them off towards them ? Seems like a great opener! Follow up question if you have time: how is dating situations with having ticks when nervous? I’m laughing at the idea of being unsure about going in for a kiss and accidentally giraffe-head butting your honey (if that unfortunate incident could hold any traction).

Q: Thanks for the explanation! That nervous tick you express with words aloud is honestly close to how my inner monologue expresses anxiety internally! Like not having a mute switch for internal anxieties haha, talk about wearing your heart on your sleeve lol. Ever think about wearing glasses near cute girls and “accidentally” shake them off towards them ? Seems like a great opener! Follow up question if you have time: how is dating situations with having ticks when nervous? I’m laughing at the idea of being unsure about going in for a kiss and accidentally giraffe-head butting your honey (if that unfortunate incident could hold any traction).
A: Hahahaha, so dating is actually where the tics are a huge issue at first. Especially flirting, I feel like that is probably when I have the most tourette's, even worse than on stage. I actually have this tic where I punch myself in the face sometimes. Not like a hard punch, but an expected series of knuckle to cheek repetitive movements, and if I am flirting with someone, that's probably the most intrusive and even scariest one to have. Actually dating though is a lot more okay, because once someone knows I have tourette's, they aren't put off by the tics. It is very funny though, to be making out with someone and then suddenly yell MOTHERFUCKER in their face. I have accidentally punched people a few times! Never head butted anybody though, which is surprising.

Q: Hahahaha, so dating is actually where the tics are a huge issue at first. Especially flirting, I feel like that is probably when I have the most tourette's, even worse than on stage. I actually have this tic where I punch myself in the face sometimes. Not like a hard punch, but an expected series of knuckle to cheek repetitive movements, and if I am flirting with someone, that's probably the most intrusive and even scariest one to have. Actually dating though is a lot more okay, because once someone knows I have tourette's, they aren't put off by the tics. It is very funny though, to be making out with someone and then suddenly yell MOTHERFUCKER in their face. I have accidentally punched people a few times! Never head butted anybody though, which is surprising.
A: I’m belly laughing right now! Share and intimate moment followed by yelling MOTHERFUCKER in their face! Despite the obvious comedic value of your experiences, I want to express a deep empathy for your anxieties and your experiences. Sometimes being a funny guy can make people feel it’s okay to just laugh at all your pain, and while it might be invited, you’re still a person with a serious side and that deserves to be respected also. All in all you’ve made my Saturday! I live in Stroudsburg, PA and am definitely looking out for any shows that you might be doing in the future! Here’s hoping you shake things up in the comedy world!

Q: I’m belly laughing right now! Share and intimate moment followed by yelling MOTHERFUCKER in their face! Despite the obvious comedic value of your experiences, I want to express a deep empathy for your anxieties and your experiences. Sometimes being a funny guy can make people feel it’s okay to just laugh at all your pain, and while it might be invited, you’re still a person with a serious side and that deserves to be respected also. All in all you’ve made my Saturday! I live in Stroudsburg, PA and am definitely looking out for any shows that you might be doing in the future! Here’s hoping you shake things up in the comedy world!
A: Damn, I really appreciate your kind words. I actually have family in Stroudsburg, and my Dad is even from Scranton originally! Next time I visit that area, I'll try to do a show