In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: It seems like Tourret’s is often related to saying things that you shouldn’t when you shouldn’t. It seems to often manifest as saying cuss words in public places, or making rude observations. Does it feel like your mind just is unable to hold back from saying things it shouldn’t? Or do the ticks just happen to be cussing often? I wonder what would happen if a child with Tourret’s was raised in such a way to minimize having a stigma associated with saying certain things... Awesome set! You had me laughing by myself which is saying something.

Q: It seems like Tourret’s is often related to saying things that you shouldn’t when you shouldn’t. It seems to often manifest as saying cuss words in public places, or making rude observations. Does it feel like your mind just is unable to hold back from saying things it shouldn’t? Or do the ticks just happen to be cussing often? I wonder what would happen if a child with Tourret’s was raised in such a way to minimize having a stigma associated with saying certain things... Awesome set! You had me laughing by myself which is saying something.
A: Thank you!! About the cursing, something like only 10% of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called Coprolalia, which literally translates to feces speech lol. Most people with Touretet's just have milder vocal tics or body movements, and a lot of them aren't that noticeable. I think the media and TV amplifies up the version with cursing and socially unacceptable phrases because it's the most shocking. Personally, my cursing tics are almost never associated with the situation. However!!! My other ones are sometimes. I do have a clapping tic, and that one pretty much only happens either very ironically and it's rude for me to clap, or I'm genuinely suddenly happy. I also once yelled Sieg Heil at Rosh Hoshanah dinner lol. I'm not sure about the child experiment, but it's certainly interesting to note that kids in England with Tourette's will say stuff like Bollocks and Bloody Hell, according to some youtube video I watched

Q: Thank you!! About the cursing, something like only 10% of people with Tourette's have the cursing type, called Coprolalia, which literally translates to feces speech lol. Most people with Touretet's just have milder vocal tics or body movements, and a lot of them aren't that noticeable. I think the media and TV amplifies up the version with cursing and socially unacceptable phrases because it's the most shocking. Personally, my cursing tics are almost never associated with the situation. However!!! My other ones are sometimes. I do have a clapping tic, and that one pretty much only happens either very ironically and it's rude for me to clap, or I'm genuinely suddenly happy. I also once yelled Sieg Heil at Rosh Hoshanah dinner lol. I'm not sure about the child experiment, but it's certainly interesting to note that kids in England with Tourette's will say stuff like Bollocks and Bloody Hell, according to some youtube video I watched
A: Yeah that was a bad generalization I made considering I had two friends with Tourette’s growing up but they both had more mild forms (well one was pretty heavily medicated), but both of them would kind of just hum under their breath a lot involuntarily, or touch things compulsively, and again, maybe the touching bit was part of something else, but I do know they both had Tourrete’s. Thanks for the info, but yeah, I’m still curious about whether or not people with Coprolalia and how the ticks seem to manifest more the more inappropriate the situation is, but maybe that’s just what I’ve seen on shows being edited to appear that way.

Q: Yeah that was a bad generalization I made considering I had two friends with Tourette’s growing up but they both had more mild forms (well one was pretty heavily medicated), but both of them would kind of just hum under their breath a lot involuntarily, or touch things compulsively, and again, maybe the touching bit was part of something else, but I do know they both had Tourrete’s. Thanks for the info, but yeah, I’m still curious about whether or not people with Coprolalia and how the ticks seem to manifest more the more inappropriate the situation is, but maybe that’s just what I’ve seen on shows being edited to appear that way.
A: No worries on the generalization, I definitely used your question as a springboard to clear up that idea for other readers lol. I also have the touching Tourette's like your friend, and I think that could be more of an OCD behavior. I have a lot of symmetry based OCD, and I think the longer repetitive movements are from that as well. Sometimes my cursing tic will just happen to be at an inappropriate time, and I bet that's what TV would use for editing, so that makes a lot of sense.