In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: I've not seen too many tourettes suffering comedians. Is this just me not looking for them, or are there not many out there? I know of Samuel J Comroe, who's pretty funny as well. I assume your ticks get worse as you get nervous? I was only given a small glimpse into your life with those few hillarious minutes, but it seemed that your ticks got worse as it went on. I might have been imagining it though. Would you say your ticks get worse the more nervous you are? Or do your ticks kind of die off as you enter the flow of the energy of the room? Or does it just stay the same regardless? I've heard of some sufferers who have no problems when they sing (though, that might be stutterers), so was just curious if the same thing would / could happen for you! Keep doing your thing! You're awesome.

Q: I've not seen too many tourettes suffering comedians. Is this just me not looking for them, or are there not many out there? I know of Samuel J Comroe, who's pretty funny as well. I assume your ticks get worse as you get nervous? I was only given a small glimpse into your life with those few hillarious minutes, but it seemed that your ticks got worse as it went on. I might have been imagining it though. Would you say your ticks get worse the more nervous you are? Or do your ticks kind of die off as you enter the flow of the energy of the room? Or does it just stay the same regardless? I've heard of some sufferers who have no problems when they sing (though, that might be stutterers), so was just curious if the same thing would / could happen for you! Keep doing your thing! You're awesome.
A: Thank you!! I actually emailed Samuel J Comroe to challenge him to a duel, he was very kind and we plan to fight to the death at some point! My tics get way worse when I'm nervous, excited, stressed out, embarrased, etc. Going on stage and doing stand-up can be a lot of those things at once lol, it's like a shot of adrenaline. I don't think they match the energy of the room, but my emotions will react to the energy of the room, which can change them. I have no tics when I dance, weirdly enough! I don't know why, I think it's like a full body emotion thing, or being focused on my movements.