In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: Do you swear when writing these answers but delete it before pressing Post? ;)

Q: Do you swear when writing these answers but delete it before pressing Post? ;)
A: I realize you're kidding, but that is actually a type of Tourette's that some people have! Dunno what it's called though

Q: I realize you're kidding, but that is actually a type of Tourette's that some people have! Dunno what it's called though
A: Didn't know that. But that would explain a lot of internet discussions... Very cool set btw. Like your approach to your problem. Really awesome, although I can imagine life isn't easy and a lot of people don't get it (I probably don't either). It's really cool that despite stress inducing you still perform! I wonder where do you work (read one comment about uploading video from work)? How difficult is it in there?

Q: Didn't know that. But that would explain a lot of internet discussions... Very cool set btw. Like your approach to your problem. Really awesome, although I can imagine life isn't easy and a lot of people don't get it (I probably don't either). It's really cool that despite stress inducing you still perform! I wonder where do you work (read one comment about uploading video from work)? How difficult is it in there?
A: Thank you!! Life is relatively normal for me socially because people that know me don't mind the tourette's. Strangers are the ones who notice more, but they don't really seem to care, and they don't matter anyway. And I'm usually fairly calm at work, so it's not much of an interruption. I am a web developer for a living, I work for a small agency in Philadelphia

Q: Thank you!! Life is relatively normal for me socially because people that know me don't mind the tourette's. Strangers are the ones who notice more, but they don't really seem to care, and they don't matter anyway. And I'm usually fairly calm at work, so it's not much of an interruption. I am a web developer for a living, I work for a small agency in Philadelphia
A: So your coworkers don't know if something doesn't work on the backend/IE (not sure which one are you) or is it jusr Tourette's ;) I'm a dev too, although I don't work with web too much nowadays. On a serious note I hope you don't mind my jokes around your condition.

Q: So your coworkers don't know if something doesn't work on the backend/IE (not sure which one are you) or is it jusr Tourette's ;) I'm a dev too, although I don't work with web too much nowadays. On a serious note I hope you don't mind my jokes around your condition.
A: I don't mind at all! One thing was when I was playing Dark Souls, I would be like "FUCK SHIT" and my roommate would come in to ask what boss I was on, and I'd be like, "nah I'm just in a hallway, but I have tourette's"