In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: This is not meant as an insult, I just noticed you do some self deprecating jokes and I have a one liner that I think could work as a non sequitur in the middle of your set, “The best part about being a comedian with Tourette’s is I only have to write half the material.” Or “...I only have to write half a set.” Something along those lines. Break legs.

Q: This is not meant as an insult, I just noticed you do some self deprecating jokes and I have a one liner that I think could work as a non sequitur in the middle of your set, “The best part about being a comedian with Tourette’s is I only have to write half the material.” Or “...I only have to write half a set.” Something along those lines. Break legs.
A: I know what you mean! I'll see if I can work on some material about the amount of time the tics take up. The only one I have currently is that I'm "Buffering"

Q: I know what you mean! I'll see if I can work on some material about the amount of time the tics take up. The only one I have currently is that I'm "Buffering"
A: Buffering is great, “Like streaming a special that won’t load/that’s always buffering.” That’s funny. You’re on to something there. I don’t think you need to address it at all if you don’t want to. Just the straight fact that you have Tourette’s at the beginning of your set so the audience is aware and then straight into the material I think would be fine. I don’t know why I’m offering all of this unsolicited advice. You know what to do better than me, that’s for sure. It was just an idea since you seem to call it out once in a while when you have a tick. Just another throwaway reference. Sorry to bother you.

Q: Buffering is great, “Like streaming a special that won’t load/that’s always buffering.” That’s funny. You’re on to something there. I don’t think you need to address it at all if you don’t want to. Just the straight fact that you have Tourette’s at the beginning of your set so the audience is aware and then straight into the material I think would be fine. I don’t know why I’m offering all of this unsolicited advice. You know what to do better than me, that’s for sure. It was just an idea since you seem to call it out once in a while when you have a tick. Just another throwaway reference. Sorry to bother you.
A: No worries! I appreciate you even wanting to help at a baseline. Surf's up for 10,000 years