In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: I have seen you on here before... several years ago, before the mustache. You are hilarious. EDIT: Oops... extra letter.

Q: I have seen you on here before... several years ago, before the mustache. You are hilarious. EDIT: Oops... extra letter.
A: Thank you!! But more importantly, am I funnier with or without the mustache ???

Q: Thank you!! But more importantly, am I funnier with or without the mustache ???
A: To be honest, I think this was the best one I have seen... So I am going to go with "with".

Q: To be honest, I think this was the best one I have seen... So I am going to go with "with".
A: I will wear it forever, or at least until the day that surf culture dies

Q: I will wear it forever, or at least until the day that surf culture dies
A: I just looked up shows but sadly you are no where near me. I think next summer I will make a field trip with my girlfriend to Philly just to go to a show. She doesn't speak English perfectly (as she is German) but I think she would appreciate it. The problem is that she is going to get really mad at me if you shave the mustache and are less funny, so I guess it will be my job to keep surf culture alive for at least another year.

Q: I just looked up shows but sadly you are no where near me. I think next summer I will make a field trip with my girlfriend to Philly just to go to a show. She doesn't speak English perfectly (as she is German) but I think she would appreciate it. The problem is that she is going to get really mad at me if you shave the mustache and are less funny, so I guess it will be my job to keep surf culture alive for at least another year.
A: Well, what part of the country are you in /(are you in the country) ? I want to do a road tour in the near future

Q: Well, what part of the country are you in /(are you in the country) ? I want to do a road tour in the near future
A: I am up in Massachusetts... actually really close to Hartford CT. One of my roommates does improv in Hartford.

Q: I am up in Massachusetts... actually really close to Hartford CT. One of my roommates does improv in Hartford.
A: Word, if I do a road tour, I'll be sure to head up that way! Probably to Boston, I dunno the area lol. I started in improv as well lol, all of my characters just also happened to have tourette's