In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: Hey man, I've always wanted to try stand up, do an open mic or something, but I struggle a lot with my sense of humor, which tends to be more situational. I can make people laugh in the moment, but it never sells as well when I have to set up the scene first. Any advice on constructing good jokes?

Q: Hey man, I've always wanted to try stand up, do an open mic or something, but I struggle a lot with my sense of humor, which tends to be more situational. I can make people laugh in the moment, but it never sells as well when I have to set up the scene first. Any advice on constructing good jokes?
A: For sure! I think I try to work with what people know already. That's the trouble with doing situation stuff, or "you had to be there" stuff on stage, people just don't know what you are talking about, or it takes too long to build the world. I focus on writing about topics that I think the average person would immediately recognize. Edit: beyond that for writing, I would say check out Gary Gulman's tip series on twitter!

Q: For sure! I think I try to work with what people know already. That's the trouble with doing situation stuff, or "you had to be there" stuff on stage, people just don't know what you are talking about, or it takes too long to build the world. I focus on writing about topics that I think the average person would immediately recognize. Edit: beyond that for writing, I would say check out Gary Gulman's tip series on twitter!
A: That makes sense, I guess I already knew that most good comedians keep it relatable, I just never really thought about it. One other question, if you don't mind. How much material would you recommend preparing for an open mic? I'd be real embarrased if I only had 5 minutes and they expected 15, or if I went too long, you know?

Q: That makes sense, I guess I already knew that most good comedians keep it relatable, I just never really thought about it. One other question, if you don't mind. How much material would you recommend preparing for an open mic? I'd be real embarrased if I only had 5 minutes and they expected 15, or if I went too long, you know?
A: Oh dude, you only need like 3 minutes for an open mic. Most will let you do 5, but you can go short for sure, and in fact, they WANT new people to do short. Most open mics do not do 15 lol. Honestly, I recommend that you go scout one out first just to watch and get the vibe, and then return a week later to sign up.