In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: How do you fall asleep? Is it hard? Do you feel Tourette's while you're asleep?

Q: How do you fall asleep? Is it hard? Do you feel Tourette's while you're asleep?
A: I have way less tics when I am calm, so falling asleep is fairly normal for me! If I'm stressed out, that's probably what is keeping me awake as opposed to the tics. As for being asleep, I have had my friends monitor me while I asleep on two separate occasions. The first time I was entirely still and quiet, and the other time I apparently shook and kicked a lot, but with no clear vocal tics. So it's hard to tell if that was Tourette's, but I don't think I have it much in my sleep.

Q: I have way less tics when I am calm, so falling asleep is fairly normal for me! If I'm stressed out, that's probably what is keeping me awake as opposed to the tics. As for being asleep, I have had my friends monitor me while I asleep on two separate occasions. The first time I was entirely still and quiet, and the other time I apparently shook and kicked a lot, but with no clear vocal tics. So it's hard to tell if that was Tourette's, but I don't think I have it much in my sleep.
A: Ah, but do you have tics in your dreams?

Q: Ah, but do you have tics in your dreams?
A: It's weird, for some reason I'm certain I do, but I don't have any distinct memory of it happening.

Q: It's weird, for some reason I'm certain I do, but I don't have any distinct memory of it happening.
A: Yeah, hmm, that brings up a related question. When you formulate a thought and communicate it but there is noise due to the tics, is your recollection of it maybe slightly distorted or blurry because of the tics that happened or perhaps that your mind masks over them? We have this base proprioception of how our bodies feel, move, interact, etc. I imagine that there is something similar in how we perceive our own thoughts and communication. I find it all fascinating. Regardless, great work man.

Q: Yeah, hmm, that brings up a related question. When you formulate a thought and communicate it but there is noise due to the tics, is your recollection of it maybe slightly distorted or blurry because of the tics that happened or perhaps that your mind masks over them? We have this base proprioception of how our bodies feel, move, interact, etc. I imagine that there is something similar in how we perceive our own thoughts and communication. I find it all fascinating. Regardless, great work man.
A: I don't think there's necessarily a noise/blur/distortion from the tics as much as there is like a sudden change in focus to the tic, if it is a particularly strong one, and that can disrail my train of thought entirely sometimes. Some of my tics are also purely mental, like I have ones where I repeat the same word over and over again in my head, until I realize it's a tic lol Thank you!!