In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Post more content on your channel. There's a lot of less funny individuals doing pretty alright by posting "try hard"(super animated, borderline obnoxious) material. Your laid back, and genuine, approach sells the whole thing. At least for me, anyways. How often do you perform?

Q: Post more content on your channel. There's a lot of less funny individuals doing pretty alright by posting "try hard"(super animated, borderline obnoxious) material. Your laid back, and genuine, approach sells the whole thing. At least for me, anyways. How often do you perform?
A: That's both very kind and solid advice, thank you!! I perform anywhere from one to three times a week, depending on shows and mics. I would love to post more videos, but it takes me a while to have a new five minutes that I'm excited to put out. I'm working on having a better turn around time though, and focusing on having better systems in place to do so.

Q: That's both very kind and solid advice, thank you!! I perform anywhere from one to three times a week, depending on shows and mics. I would love to post more videos, but it takes me a while to have a new five minutes that I'm excited to put out. I'm working on having a better turn around time though, and focusing on having better systems in place to do so.
A: Brainstorm with fellow comics you see at the venues you frequent. Maybe a once a week skit where you guys/gals sit down for breakfast/beers/lounging around and share embarassing stories, favorite heckler moments or sad stories with morbid endings. Give it reletive names. "Fucking Shit Breakfast" "Clicking and Ticking" or... Whatever. It's your rodeo. I'm excited to see more from you.

Q: Brainstorm with fellow comics you see at the venues you frequent. Maybe a once a week skit where you guys/gals sit down for breakfast/beers/lounging around and share embarassing stories, favorite heckler moments or sad stories with morbid endings. Give it reletive names. "Fucking Shit Breakfast" "Clicking and Ticking" or... Whatever. It's your rodeo. I'm excited to see more from you.
A: Surf's up dog, I appreciate the suggestions! I'm working on maybe getting a podcast or something going, that could help fill The Content Void between stand-up video posts lol

Q: Surf's up dog, I appreciate the suggestions! I'm working on maybe getting a podcast or something going, that could help fill The Content Void between stand-up video posts lol
A: My gods, something about this really makes me want to see your Siri searches.

Q: My gods, something about this really makes me want to see your Siri searches.
A: It's mostly shit like "Yo, how far away are birds?"