In subreddit: videos

Title: I'm a one-liner comedian with Tourette's. I get called "Twitch Hedberg" pretty often - Benny Feldman

Body: 

Q: What do you think?
A: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die

Q: Yo! If you have questions about the Tourette's or anything, feel free to ask below. Quick note, I have posted this video before, but I posted it on like a Monday evening (while at work lol). I wanted to see if it would do better on a weekend. \~ Surf's up \~ Edit: Heck yeah!! I appreciate all the kind words. If you like this video and are looking for more of my shit, I have two more stand-up videos on my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PYPjlmwgUvcxy3x2kZX6g), and my twitter is [@feldfrog](https://twitter.com/Feldfrog). Surf culture will never die
A: Good show, keep on writing man. My question, how do you get such a close shave with that tick without cutting yourself? Sweet mustache.

Q: Good show, keep on writing man. My question, how do you get such a close shave with that tick without cutting yourself? Sweet mustache.
A: Thank you!! Great question, the answer is two-fold. Basically, I have way fewer tics when I'm relatively calm, and shaving is not really an anxiety inducing situation. Sometimes I have a much harder time getting a haircut, because that's a social situation and the tics flare up. When the tics flare up then too, it can be awkward, and so then I'll have more tics in a vicious cycle lol. The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to, so I'm usually able to wait until I've pulled the razor away, or more commonly, until the barber is not actively cutting my hair.

Q: Thank you!! Great question, the answer is two-fold. Basically, I have way fewer tics when I'm relatively calm, and shaving is not really an anxiety inducing situation. Sometimes I have a much harder time getting a haircut, because that's a social situation and the tics flare up. When the tics flare up then too, it can be awkward, and so then I'll have more tics in a vicious cycle lol. The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to, so I'm usually able to wait until I've pulled the razor away, or more commonly, until the barber is not actively cutting my hair.
A: > The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to I had a feeling that was happening in the video as well. Right after a tic when you'd go into the next joke you looked "normal". But if you stayed talking for a couple seconds your right eye would squint as if you are holding a tic back so you could release it when the joke was told.

Q: > The other answer is that I can also hold the tics in for short periods of time if I need to I had a feeling that was happening in the video as well. Right after a tic when you'd go into the next joke you looked "normal". But if you stayed talking for a couple seconds your right eye would squint as if you are holding a tic back so you could release it when the joke was told.
A: Yes!!! Exactly. It sort of builds up while I hold it, and then I let it go in between jokes. Tics are stored in the Right Eyeball

Q: Yes!!! Exactly. It sort of builds up while I hold it, and then I let it go in between jokes. Tics are stored in the Right Eyeball
A: This may seem like a stupid question but, and please forgive me of I sound too ignorant, have you ever tried holding the ticks for longer and longer? Almost like training a muscle?

Q: This may seem like a stupid question but, and please forgive me of I sound too ignorant, have you ever tried holding the ticks for longer and longer? Almost like training a muscle?
A: I totally know what you mean, and I absolutely have tried to hold it for longer, but sometimes they just pop out of nowhere. If I am mentally holding, and it pops up, I will catch it. If I am not ready for it though, I can't manage the build. I think I have built up that specific muscle for catching the F slur for the queer community, because that is such an intense one, and so I will generally try to fight it harder than the others.